Two men in green shirts are standing in a yard .
Two men working on a machine wearing hard hats .
A little girl climbing the stairs to her playhouse .
A man on a ladder cleans the window of a tall building .
Two men in a kitchen cooking food on a stove .
A man is fixing the guitar players costume .
A man completes the finishing touches on a stuffed lion .
A young adult wearing rollerblades , holding a cellular phone to her ear .
A young woman walks past two young people dressed in hip black outfits .
Boys dancing on poles in the middle of the night .
Five girls are leaping simultaneously in a dance practice room .
Four guys three wearing hats one not are jumping at the top of a staircase .
Two dogs of different breeds looking at each other on the road .
A man in a neon green and orange uniform is driving on a green tractor .
A group of women are standing in front of a bus .
A woman wearing glasses sprinkles powdered sugar onto her bundt cake .
There is a girl with pigtails sitting in front of a rainbow painting .
man laying on bench holding leash of dog sitting on ground
People gathered in a circle , some holding musical instruments .
Four women in a living room , three of which are clearly playing a musical instrument .
A man in a gray coat is standing on a washed out bridge .
A group of people are walking through a city street .
A man with a black shirt giving another man a tattoo .
Two children sitting on a teeter totter .
A man in bright vest and hard hat holds a flag on a street corner covered in spray paint
A man with gauges and glasses is wearing a Blitz hat .
A person with gray hair is painting in a public place surrounded by others who are also painting .
Janitor pushing dolly outside with janitor tools .
The small child climbs on a red ropes on a playground .
A teen holding an unknown object for photographers .
A young man holding a pole vault looks determined .
a man is posing next to a urinal with a cup of coffee .
Four people walking with the sun setting behind them .
A man is sitting at a table with a beer .
A black and white dog is running through the grass .
A security man with his watch dog is looking for something .
A boy in the snow riding his bike down the street .
Five men in white short-sleeved shirts and ties stand in a parking lot .
A man in a white shirt and black camp among many machines .
A woman is sorting white tall candles as a man in a green shirt stands behind her .
A man in a white and blue kimono is using a broom to sweep pavement .
A man on a bicycle watching a row of cars waiting to go through a checkpoint .
Two young toddlers outside on the grass .
A man in a blue shirt driving a Segway type vehicle .
A person riding in a futuristic single-person vehicle .
A recently married couple pose for the camera .
A young boy plays with a GameCube kiosk at McDonald 's .
A white dog shakes on the edge of a beach with an orange ball .
A group of people are having a picnic at the park .
A man in sunglasses puts his arm around a woman .
A man with a balloon hat and people eating outdoors at picnic tables .
A girl kicking a stick that a man is holding in tae kwon do class .
A boy jumps over three other students in a martial arts demonstration .
A young boy empties a bottle over the railing of a balcony unto the man below .
A man in a red jacket shades the sun from his eyes on a busy street .
Two men are out for a stroll with their two young children .
A young child is walking on a stone paved street with a metal pole and a man behind him .
A large black dog leaps a fallen log .
A man in a suit is running past two other gentleman , also dressed in a suit .
A man in red on a bicycle rides past a glass structure .
A young man in sunglasses holds a blue cup next to a grill with sausages .
A brown and white dog is running through the snow .
People stop and look at an older woman outside .
A man skis past another man displaying paintings in the snow .
A group of people are rock climbing on a rock climbing wall .
A gymnast performing on the balance beam in front of an audience .
a boy pushing a red toy atv next to a pool
A group of people are standing on a pile of wool in a truck .
Woman in red windbreaker looking though a rooftop binoculars at the city below .
A man wearing a black jacket is walking towards the street .
A brown dog running on a lawn near a garden hose
A man is sitting on a pink cart with a little girl in the grocery store .
A white dog is about to catch a yellow ball in its mouth .
Man sitting at a table at a restaurant with a glass of water .
a black and white dog jumping in the air to get a toy .
Two hikers resting by a patch of snow .
A middle-aged man with a white beard and glasses holds up a small , wooden handmade cabinet .
Two men sit on the floor with camping equipment .
A man wearing a baseball cap is sitting in a car looking at a map .
Two people are at the edge of a lake , facing the water and the city skyline .
A couple with their newborn baby sitting under a tree facing a lake .
There are a lot of bikes parked under the curved roof tonight .
The black dog runs through the water .
A person standing on a frozen lake .
Two large tan dogs play along a sandy beach .
A man uses ice picks and crampons to scale ice .
Two men and a woman are walking through a field .
A man shoveling snow off the roads and sidewalks in a city .
A bride and groom smile as they view their wedding cake at the reception .
Five people wearing winter clothing , helmets , and ski goggles stand outside in the snow .
A black dog carrying something through the grass .
People lay out vegetables on blankets at a street market .
A man wearing a yellow t-shirt is shouting into a microphone while an audience is listening .
This person is performing a trick in skateboarding competition , with people watching in the background .
A man and child kayak through gentle waters .
A woman in a dark dress smiles while a woman across from her and a child sit in chairs .
Two men in orange vests work in road construction .
Three men , one on a ladder , work on a roof .
Two men sitting on a bench talking , with a billboard advertisement for glasses in the background .
A man sleeping in a green room on a couch .
A boy with headphones on sitting on top of a woman 's shoulders .
Oriental people with rainbow flags walking down a city street .
Three old men are watching another man prepare fish .
A woman in a white tank top with a green flowing skirt , on stage singing a song .
Four people sit on the steps of the entrance to a building .
A black dog and a brown dog play with a red toy on a courtyard .
Hockey goalie boy in red jacket crouches by goal , with stick .
A man sits and reads a newspaper by a sculpture outside of an office building .
The little boy looks like he is saying , let me out of jail .
Two people standing outside a blue tent structure on a snowy surface .
Three dogs are playing on grassy hill with a blue sky .
A man stands in front of a very tall building .
A woman is walking her baby with a stroller at the local park .
A man in a red shirt is sitting by fruit for sale .
Two children are sitting at a table eating food .
The boy eats his food outside at the table .
A man on stage playing the electric guitar during a concert .
A young girl is playing baseball and is striking out .
A man wearing a red life-vest is sitting in a canoe on a body of water .
A rock artist performs on stage with an electric guitar .
A man in a black shirt and baseball cap is applying filler to a trench in the floor .
A young woman sits at a dinner table with two entrees and a martini .
A lady laid her bicycle on the green lawn as she lies in a red blanket .
One person is standing on a bridge at night .
A photographer takes a picture of a group of one girl in a pink dress and 10 boys in suits and hats .
A toddler is walking in on a grassy knoll .
A man grilling vegetables on a patio with his dog .
Three people rest on a ledge above the moutains .
This shows a group of people walking over an arched red bridge .
A boy in a green shirt is looking down at many inflatable boats .
An old man is telling two girls something .
Asian man and blond woman holding hands outdoors , man in background watches .
Gray-haired man in dress shirt plays the bassoon while reading sheet music from a stand
The people are quietly listening while the story of the ice cabin was explained to them .
A baseball player coming into home plate with knee held high and the catcher right in front of him waiting for the ball .
A very bus street is shown with Asian people all around walking and riding bicycles .
A construction site with building material .
A man stands on boards on top of a huge ladder .
White man with glasses sitting next to another man who has earphones in .
A girl with numerous bags walks on a crosswalk along with other people .
A person eats takeout while watching a small television .
Six people are sitting at a table eating food .
A woman with flowers in her hair balances a large bowl of fruit on her head .
A man in a whole next to a septic tank .
An African American child is supported by his three peers while riding his bicycle .
Two individuals , a male and a female , standing in a forested area around a tub .
A sleeping baby in a pink striped outfit .
A member of an African tribe is watching the camera intently in tribal dress .
A guy with a sword and traditional fighting gear is getting ready for a fight .
A group of people sit on a wall at the beach .
Hikers treks upward through the creek bed , stopping to catch their breath and enjoy the cool , green scenery .
A white-haired man in a suit stands in an empty room .
Two Indian women in saris are bending over a wet street .
A little girl is looking at some plants while another is on the phone in the background .
A child in a dress runs through the yard with a miniature orange soccer ball in her hand .
A little boy with a blue shirt on sitting on the ground playing with legos .
A boy takes a jump on his skateboard while another boy with a skateboard watches .
A young boy and a young girl sitting in the grass laughing .
A man shaking the hand of a teenager sitting on a bench .
A mass transit person making an announcement .
A woman paddles a boat down a river .
A young girl in pigtails plays in the water .
A woman in a red jacket , with a blue and gold handbag is jumping while smiling on a cobblestone street .
A man and woman seated at a table together .
A well lit room , with three glasses on the table and two plates .
Four children are having a pillow fight .
Two construction workers take a seat on a steel beam .
A child has fun with a blender in the kitchen .
Two kids are running and playing in some water .
A blond woman in a blue shirt appears to wait for a ride .
A little girl looking at a brochure on train rides
2 girls in metal chairs are laughing together .
People jogging together on a park sidewalk .
Two dogs run across stones near a body of water .
A child jumps off a high diving board into the pool .
The man is putting on his shirt near an elevator .
A light-colored dog runs on the beach .
A guy in a huge wooden tub while people are looking over .
A person laying on a street bench under a blue plaid blanket .
Two young girl are playing near a small tree , and one has climbed up into the branches .
a boy in a beige shirt is sleeping in a car .
A woman in a red shirt is under a blanket and sleeping in a vehicle .
A man in a home kitchen is flipping a pancake extremely high .
Several firefighters are responding to an alarm .
Firefighters at a scene with a firetruck that has it 's lights on .
People are doing various activities on the beach .
Construction workers in front of blue wall with warning stripe .
A newsstand clerk is surrounded by her colorful merchandise .
A man in blue overalls and a yellow hard hat is watching a huge machine work .
An all yellow photo of two men sitting in a bakery .
Five people sitting in front of a body of water with the sun behind them .
A boy in his blue swim shorts at the beach .
a person on ski 's looks from hill over snow covered landscape
A group of boys are riding their bikes around a big pile of dirt .
Group of bicyclers rounding a corner with water spraying up from their wheels .
3 young boys are riding their bikes around a mound of dirt .
A man holds up an older man as the older man bends down to check out plants .
A surgeon and surgical staff operating on a patient .
A black and white dog jumps after a yellow toy .
A man laying down in middle of street during heavy traffic .
The two large dogs are running through sand .
A man is bowling at an alley with cosmic imagery including bowling balls and pins above the lanes .
A man wearing black is riding a white horse with numerous rocks around him .
A man and woman are taking a nap on a couch .
A man and woman talking are interrupted and a man covers his face .
A dog is jumping to catch a object thrown at it .
A boy playing for the Giants baseball team swinging at a baseball .
An Asian man is throwing a javelin in a yellow shirt .
A group of hot air balloons lit up at night .
A man sits at a desk in room cluttered with books .
Fuzzy photo of two girls reading a magazine .
At night , two men in glasses crouch near some plants .
An Asian couple walks in the shopping district .
A child with a helmet on his head rides a bike .
A group of people sitting at a table in a darkened room .
a man playing with two black dogs on the beach
A boy covered in suds has his face wiped clean .
Many people in bathing suits on a boat and on inflatable rafts .
A young woman on a boat in a light colored bikini kicks a man wearing a straw cowboy hat .
A boy sliding down a slide into a pool with colorful tubes .
A man in a wetsuit is throwing a baby wearing a wetsuit up into the air .
A rickety old truck , stuffed to overflowing with men , is traveling down a country road on the left hand side .
Two chefs prepare burgers in a restaurant kitchen .
Two young boys look up at the camera as one sticks out his tongue .
A man is wearing brown pants and boots , while welding .
A mother and her young song enjoying a beautiful day outside .
A woman leaning against a white cross looking at the ocean below .
Four girls are sitting in the grass while several men stand near them .
A group of spectators watch a men 's sand volleyball game .
Two men in hats and orange uniforms are shoveling snow .
A girl holding a horse 's lead behind a fire .
Workers wearing reflective vests working near a train car .
Two men working on a yellow Volkswagen beetle .
A short , brown hair girl is assembling a pink roof cover .
Employee in pink shirt smiles for camera inside a restaurant kitchen .
A large skinny dog stands near two smaller dogs in the dirt .
A shirtless man and a woman sitting on a dock .
Men wearing orange vests working on a railroad .
A woman with an orange and gray shirt is fixing something .
A woman is carefully applying mascara to her eyelashes .
A white dog rests its head on the patio bricks .
The girl is in a harness , climbing rocks .
Many scooters are parked together on the sidewalk .
A helicopter on a clear day taking off .
A man in a reflective jacket positions himself on scaffolding .
A large group of people mingling in a room with a tile floor .
Two young kids are playing in the water on an inflated toy .
A family playing on a tractor on a beautiful day
An elderly woman is cooking dinner in a frying pan .
A woman wearing a red costume looks at two other people standing on a street .
Two skiers are sliding down a trail in the woods .
Two people are on a snow-covered mountain .
man sitting using tool at a table in his home .
A brown dog running next to grass .
A woman is sitting on the steps in front of a large black door , writing in a notebook .
People are crossing a city street intersection .
A woman in lavender with short brown hair is sitting in a large chair .
A woman and three children stand on a deck with a fishing pole .
Six west Asian youth play cricket on a dirt pitch .
A woman in a green tank top is surrounded by three children , laughing .
A young man and a toddler look under the hood of an old-fashioned truck .
A woman rides a horse near a frozen lake in the winter time .
Two horses pulling a sled steered by a smiling blond woman .
a smiling woman in a peach tank top stands holding a mountain bike
A person climbing down a sheer rock cliff using a rope
Three rock climbers are posing on big rocks .
The group of hikers is resting in front of a mountain .
A woman stands next to a chalk drawing in front of a barn-like structure .
A man sitting on the ground is playfully kicked by a young woman , while a man in the back observes .
Many young dark complected children raising their arms in the air in excitement .
A shirtless man leaps into the water as other people watch .
A dog looking at the camera in snow .
Woman meticulously working with a sewing machine .
A woman wearing a white t-shirt has her right arm extended with her fist closed .
A girl working at a farm market selling peppers .
An elderly women is sitting in a chair with a cane in her hand .
One young boy is sitting outside on a cool day blowing bubbles .
a boy plays in the fountains .
Dog running out of tunnel on obstacle course
Two dogs are running in a field .
Two men stand behind a grill near the ocean .
A girl in a swimsuit is jumping high , near water .
The little girl in the blue bathing suit is posing at the beach .
A young Asian boy sits on a railing behind a row of colorful hats
A black and white dog drinking water from a water spray .
A redheaded boy swimming underwater .
A little boy in a plaid shirt looks up as he lays on a blue sofa
A young child plays with his new light-up toy .
The little girl is walking a beam in gymnastics class .
A young child is standing alone on some jagged rocks .
Two people having a discussion sitting in a restaurant .
A person on a snowmobile in mid jump .
Several people are taking a break while on a snowmobiling ride .
A man shoveling snow off the roof of a building .
A person helping to set up chairs for a big event .
Two modern buildings made of glass and stone accent the setting .
A small girl in a dress blows bubbles in a grassy field .
three people on four wheel ATV 's in a field .
A four wheeler jumping in an empty field .
A man on a four-wheeler jumps near a small building .
A young woman , sitting in the sand , has her eyes closed .
A man 's hand is shown helping a spatula to flip a pancake from a square frying pan in a messy kitchen .
Three young children stand around a blue and white barrel .
A little boy is playfully jumping off the side of a fountain .
Two sisters hugging while visiting a Farm and looking into the camera .
Two men in orange and blue safety gear stand on the dock guiding a boat inward .
A bald man in flip-flops sits on a green bench and talks on a cellphone .
a man on stage singing into a microphone .
Three young men are riding an elephant , sitting in what 's called a howdah .
A man crouches under a truck hood 's shade to fix it .
Two kids , one wearing glasses and a headlamp , are smiling .
A woman sells flowers and incense at the market .
A group of people gather and holding different types of flags .
crying baby in a blue shirt and white pants .
A boy and a girl holding hands while sitting on a shore .
A boy walks with a soccer ball near a fence .
A woman is watching as a guy is scooping ice cream from a freezer .
People sit down on stools to enjoy a quick bite to eat .
A parade of people walk the street carrying the American flag .
An artist paints clouds onto a canvas .
A cyclist is riding a bicycle on a curved road up a hill .
A little girl with a jean jacket on is running and laughing .
A man in a blue button-up is standing in a room , holding his glasses .
Two people , a balding man and a woman , are kissing on an escalator .
The green team lifts a player up in victory after a hard game , but will the red team interfere ?
Men are constructing a wall in the desert .
Five young women sitting on a green bench wearing headbands with feathers in them .
A woman posing for a picture while shopping .
A woman in a hat waits to be served at a store .
A man in a black jacket is selling lottery tickets in the sidewalk .
A black dog running after his rope toy .
Girl with rosy cheeks and lips holding black toy gun .
A woman in a red shirt playing the cello .
A woman wearing a red beaded necklace sits on a wooden deck while reading .
A musician is posing while playing an odd-shaped guitar .
An ice hockey goalie is trying to protect the net from players scoring a goal .
A man in a light green suit is operating machinery in a factory .
An adult and child walking along the beach on the sand .
A man in a red apron wearing a baseball cap is sitting on a step .
A black and white Border Collie catches a Frisbee in front of an audience .
Two male tennis players conversing across the net on an outdoor court
A male and female fire performer , work their craft in front of an audience .
Two young children are walking through a wooded area .
A baby is stacking rocks on the beach .
A lady and a boy who is having ice cream are sitting together .
A man in a white shirt hangs a painting in a run down store while other men watch .
An older person and a small boy play in the sand near the water .
a boy underwater with someone helping him to swim
Three oriental men are riding on a red moped scooter in the city with many people .
Two ladies and a man playing a card game and drinking beer .
A group of people wearing warm clothes are having a party outside .
The person in the striped shirt is mountain climbing .
A man climbing the side of a cliff .
A woman in purple snakeskin pants climbs a rock .
A child playing with a fountain at the beach .
A black dog is jumping over a log along a beach .
A restaurant filled with chairs and consumers .
A girl in red short and a white T-shirt underground looking out of a hole .
A black and white bird eating seeds out of someone 's hand
A game of tennis is shown with one of the female players about to hit the ball .
A dog running fast in the sand .
A man is standing on top of a tall building that overlooks the city .
There is a man in black standing near vehicles and a camper , setting up video equipment .
A young boy laughs while splashing in the ocean .
Several people walking across a bridge in both directions .
A small dogs ears stick up as it runs in the grass .
A jogger passes under an outstretched tree branch .
A man is raised up on his hands on a blue platform .
A black , brown and white dog running through a field .
A girl in a pink swimsuit in a pool
A bike sitting in a street with a rope tied to it and a guy walking on the rope .
A man and a child stand next to a blue and black tube .
A little girl standing on her head .
Men wearing orange safety vest are working on street repairs .
A man in a yellow vest and jeans is caulking a sidewalk .
Two construction workers operate a machine that steams the street .
A man with his surfboard stands in the sand .
A man wearing a yellow hat and orange shirt with palm trees around .
Behind the fence spectators are looking at the golfer with the club in his hand .
A girl in a white outfit with a yellow belt is holding a trophy .
Man and two children swimming in the lake .
Three people ride off-road bikes through a field surrounded by trees .
A woman in red cuts a burger in half with a spatula .
A boy in a white shirt walks in the ocean .
A man wearing a red tie standing in front of a statue .
A baby is holding a small black flag with a moon and a star on it .
man in white shirt staring out at the water .
A man in an olive colored coat is standing in a jewelry store .
A shirtless man in a white cap relaxes in a deck chair , close to three parked bicycles .
People gathered at the steps of a church-like architecture .
Some children are playing football with a seacoast in the background .
A woman dancing on the beach , with the ocean in the background .
Two men are working on a carpentry project with hand tools .
A group of people standing in front of a hut in a parking lot .
A mother and her two daughters having a happy moment .
An asian man carrying a suitcase while talking on the phone and walking quickly .
A trendy woman walks with her coffee past theaters at a large shopping complex .
A young boy with a shaved head holds a chicken under his left arm .
A young woman is making rugs in the rain forest
A man and a woman sitting on a sea wall looking out on the water .
Both dogs retrieve the play toy from the water .
Three young women pose for the camera at a parade .
A boy wearing a rugby shirt standing next to a body of water .
A younger boy is wearing a striped scarf and stocking cap .
A brown dog is running through neck-deep water carrying a tennis ball .
Two brown dogs running through water .
Two men pretend to be statutes while women look on .
A girl blowing bubbles in the swimming pool .
A dog at the shore of an ocean , with seaweed in foreground .
Little boy in a striped shirt and brown shorts is running .
The large brown and white dog shakes off water .
Two men with backpacks are sitting on cardboard along a railing .
Someone working on a project using a jigsaw cutting machine .
A women 's roller derby team taking a break .
A boy jumped up from the green bed .
A young child jumping on the bed as a man looks the other way .
A boy in a gray hoodie holds up a chainsaw .
A shadowy figure watches a shirtless man ride past on a chopper .
A line of people wait to enter a building with a sign posted " Welcome Bikers . "
A man is happily laying bricks .
A woman has her arm around a child as the child is eating
On a sunny day , a small crowd wait for the railroad on the platform .
A snowboarder takes a rest on the mountainside .
People are walking around in a brightly-lit indoor shopping center .
A woman in a green shirt is working on a horse 's hoof .
A young boy is walking in front of some stores
Cheerleaders in red and white uniforms cheering in the street .
A man in a brown shirt prepares to close the door .
A boy dressed in soccer attire and holding his shoes getting out of a car .
A boy with dreds in his hair and wearing a kilt sitting in a chair .
A man in a blue shirt is kissing a woman in a white shirt on the cheek .
A man is making a " rock " gesture while standing on a stool in a crowded bar .
A happy couple cuddling up for a nice photo .
Two children move along a gravel path surrounded by trees .
A man and a woman crossing a suspension bridge in a tropical setting .
A girl climbing down from the side of a bright blue truck while others watch .
A smiling woman holds a person dressed in a pig costume .
A woman is riding her bicycle in traffic
A young girl in a dress is looking at her reflection in a river bed .
A bicyclist getting ready to cross a street .
A young girl and an older man are checking out at the food store .
Two travelers at the edge of a cliff overlooking the mountains .
A woman in a helmet rides her bike behind a car .
A boy standing in front of a red box car , is taking a photo .
A man in shorts is jogging along a street with a headset .
People wearing costumes standing in front of a large tree .
A large group of people stand outside of a church .
A group of people standing in a circle on plastic liner .
Three men are looking at a sign on a cross in a canyon .
A young girl with brown hair and glasses is kneeling near a bucket and fence .
The woman tries to hide from work under a black sweatshirt , but her red corduroy pants give her away .
A young man cleaning a statue with a brush .
Two younger boys are standing in front of an older man in front of a large wooden cross .
A woman sits on someone 's shoulders while using a wire brush on a door frame .
Group setting up a wooden cross near a large boulder .
A young boy picks up a paintbrush and grins .
Four men in white T-shirts , blue jeans , and hats talking .
Child in red and blue shirt painting a log .
An old man is talking to a group of people sitting on a bench .
Two men , one black , one white , are holding books and talking .
A skateboarder is does an " ollie " down a couple of stairs .
A man standing on a railroad track looking through his binoculars at a river .
Numerous people sitting on the ground near a straw hut .
Black boy in sandals playing with a ball in the grass
Bicyclists waiting at an intersection .
A man stands on a scaffold his back facing away looking at a city .
Baby wears green frog big and makes grotesque face .
A shirtless man escorts a horse pulling a carriage along a paved road .
A guy standing outside with no shirt on looking up at the building .
The young girl is swinging high above the ground on a nice summer day .
Man is orange hoodie doing a skateboard trick .
A man holds a net while a boys bats a ball into it .
A man grills shish kabob on a small grill .
A man wearing a black shirt and goggles is running along the street
A man , wearing a short pink skirt , long striped socks , a pink tank top , and a hairnet , is juggling knives to the amusement of onlookers .
Doctors wearing green scrubs are performing surgery on a patient
A young boy in swimming trunks holds a blue pail and a bright green shovel on a sandy beach .
Girl running through the water near the shore .
Three men pose sitting in the shade on a hillside next to a backpack .
A man in a blue jacket and gray paints gardening in front of buildings .
a groundskeeper has collected a bucket full of sticks .
White with black spots dog is being looked at by a man on the street .
A male mannequin dressed as a train conductor , standing on a black train car .
Two men and two women are preparing a large meal in the kitchen .
A teenager plays her trumpet on the field at a game .
A girl talking to a man holding various materials .
Three young boys fish on a man-made structure .
The woman is reading to a small boy about dinosaurs .
Two young girls are sitting at a table drinking and eating .
A baby boy in overalls is crying .
The waitress offers complimentary tea to the patrons .
Three people in the snow put their gear in order .
An older person sits on the street to sell their bread .
A pilot in his uniform carrying luggage on his way to work .
People walking along a lake with houses in the distance .
A female swimmer swimming underwater with a nose clip and cap on her head .
Four men - one looking at a book - sit in front of laptops .
A man is sweeping a large blue surface that has " Rock Bowl " written on it .
There is a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls .
A woman is doing flips on a trampoline in front of a lake .
Two people give a dog a bath outdoors in a blue container .
A child jumps into the water with his sneakers on .
A young child is sleeping on a man 's coat on the floor .
A elderly man in a straw hat is sitting on a bench .
Three small children On a blanket on the ground surrounded by people in wheelchairs .
A worker operates machinery on a cold day .
Three women walk through a plant covered atrium hallway .
people enjoying a sunny day at the beach
People are shopping outside surrounded by a metal fence .
ON a shantytown lined river , a man in a red shirt paddles a boat while standing .
Two girls with pots show off their cooking .
A young girl wearing yellow flip-flops is sitting on a large boulder .
A blond girl in plaid shorts is driving a bearded man around the city in a bicycle taxi .
A young boy in a flowered apron is helping his mother cook .
A woman bringing a birthday cake to another woman with a glass of wine .
A young village girl is making a funny face while buying goods at a market .
Young man in hooded jacket sitting on snow in mountain area .
two dogs , playing in a field , wrestling with each other
A man in an orange vest works on fixing a train .
Workers in yellow safety vests plant a tree in a city walkway .
A man in a red shirt is giving toys to a small dog .
An older lady is sitting on a flower chair reading a book .
A five-person acrobatics troop performs a routine while spectators look on .
A blurry picture of a man in a blue shirt and hard hat .
Construction workers standing outside looking at wires above them .
A happy young boy sits in a chair with a large Elmo doll .
A boy is combing a baby 's hair with a brush .
A young man is performing gymnastics to impress a young woman .
A man fixes food in his dark kitchen .
Young man with a nose ring and a hat .
There is a man , wearing a yellow shirt , and grimacing .
Friends having fun playing in the water geyser .
A man stands next to a bank of computer gambling machines .
A woman on the beach throwing a frisbee .
Two dogs running and playing rough in the grass .
A man with a blowtorch is doing repair work on a wall .
Several men dressed in white and red and building sand castles at the beach .
Two men and a white dog stand in a meadow near a steep hill .
A man in a white shirt and another man in a green pant walking .
A girl leaps into the air while standing by the ocean .
A group of people walking a city street in warm weather .
A man wearing glasses is blowing a bubble out of bubble gum in a house .
An adult shows a young child a fencing outfit which is set up on a tree .
A brown and black dog jumps for a red ball .
A man and two women wearing all black act out a scene in front of a building with steps .
Two young boys are squirting water at each other .
A tan colored dog leaps into the inground pool .
Group of people sitting in a circle , with a laptop in the middle
A man , woman and little girl standing on the beach in dress clothing .
lots of people walking under a awning of pink and white balloons
Children standing poolside are preparing to jump into the water .
A group of restaurant workers and a large copper bowl .
A child looking at camera and bird in background
A woman uses a drill while another man takes her picture .
Two kids being pushed in car shaped strollers in a parade .
Four men use hoses to pour water while in an austere environment .
Children sporting their Florida Dolphin caps .
An old man is sitting on a stoop while people walk towards him with groceries .
two white teenage girls are holding hands while jumping up into the air .
A woman with two kids walks towards a building .
A dog running in shrubbery along a stream .
Two woman are standing next to each other , one holding onto a bicycle .
A woman throwing a ball down a bowling alley .
Two soccer players , one in red , the other in white , racing towards a soccer ball .
A group of people dressed casually are walking in the woods .
Three young boys playing with a ball in the park .
A young male is kicking a multicolored ball .
A man is reading a small book .
A man is standing at the top of a ladder against a building .
Three construction workers dressed in bright orange are working on a road .
A group of people in red play the drums while a performer walks on stilts by the river .
A blond man shows off his freshly baked bread with a wide smile .
A small brown and black dog playing with a toy
A dog runs toward the camera with a stick in its mouth .
A person in a plaid shirt reading a book and having a beverage .
A boy and a girl doing something in the woods .
A man in a blue t-shirt buying something at a deli .
Five small children are riding a ride that lifts them up and brings them down .
A woman with dirty blond-hair and glasses is cutting something .
A lady with blond-hair and glasses works hard to clean up her table .
A boy wearing a blue shirt riding a gray horse on a gravel path through the green overgrown field .
Dog waits for food as an elder woman is cooking on the stove .
A woman with glasses uses a sewing machine .
Two men working with the computer within their apartment .
one tan dog jumping in a pool while the other gray dog is on the deck
A boy in a red shirt sledding down a sand dune .
A young woman and young man are walking arm and arm past a jewelry store .
Two workers toil in a smelting factory .
An Asian woman waiting at an underground train stop .
People waiting outside a building next to a mural .
People attempting to move X-ray machine down the street .
A factory worker is wearing an orange hard hat while working .
A man with a beard and a hat is begging for money from people .
A girl rides a unicycle as another rides a scooter next to her .
Skiers get caught on the dusty slopes and almost fall down and break their legs .
A mixed sex group wear lobster bibs and wield mallets as they dine on crab at a restaurant .
A man jumps off of a small stone bridge while three children and a woman watch him .
A man in a brown shirt sitting on a dock and reading .
A street performers plays guitar while a man dances and a couple watches .
Construction workers in front of a large building .
A woman in a yellow shirt is playing with a dragon puppet .
A line of people wait to be the first to own the new product .
A child hold green shoes is walking in the sand by the water .
A bride and a groom walk down a sidewalk with other guests surrounding them .
A woman sits at a picnic table eating with luggage .
Customers are waiting for service at a takeout window .
A man and woman standing in front of a refreshment stand
A man climbs a flight of old wooden stairs on a building .
Three couples in white clothes and swim caps play piggyback .
A group of people are sitting on benches at a park with pigeons walking around .
An aerial view of a woman sitting in a blue chair on the beach .
A large group of people getting on a train .
The two children in the yellow seats are at a daycare .
Crowd at a park in India waiting for an event to start .
A man sitting , wearing a San Diego Padres hat plays on a keyboard .
A child is on a bench with arms stretched out .
A golfer wearing a striped red polo shirt and white pants watches his drive after swinging .
Two students having a conversation on the other side of a concrete wall , which has a common sitting are on the other side .
Children wearing red , black , and white karate uniforms in a standing pose on a green mat .
A girl demonstrating how to use a staff , in front of a class of martial artists and spectators .
The students are practicing martial arts .
A woman in a black shirt sitting behind a booth with a sign that reads " Programmes & Ice Cream . "
Two dogs play with an orange toy in tall grass .
A boy poses for a picture and in the background a man is hanging by a rope .
A cute baby is smiling at another child .
Martial arts students face off against each other in a gym .
Two people are sitting on a wall near a large display of cotton candy .
A girl in a yellow dress with the sun shining on her face
Men sitting in a stone room chipping away at rocks .
Two women in brightly colored tee-shirts and hats sit beside a black backpack on a stone bench beside a dusty trail .
A man in black pants cutting bushes .
Two men with black rimmed glasses making faces and eating bread .
A man in a black and white shirt is touching his glasses and laughing .
People wander a surreal maze like sculpture .
A child performs a cartwheel on the street .
A man sits behind a bar with an old iMac on it .
A man in a black jacket is taking a photo of a man in a red jacket .
A man wearing yellow and white uses oars to row his red boat in the water .
A man wearing a hat is juggling three balls .
A man wearing a hat with blond dreadlocks holds juggling pins under a blue sky .
Five people sitting outside playing a game of cards .
Taking a break while vacationing at the beach
A man and a woman can prepare meals at camp together .
Three men walking down a road surrounded by a forest .
The four hikers walked up the gravel road .
A boat is towing a person in a bright green parachute .
Two black men are playing trumpets together in a city setting .
A group of climbers begin up a sheer rock face .
Two men are taking pictures while standing beside an automobile .
A bunch of kids dressed in brown dresses are dancing .
Two young male hikers using a map and compass to find their direction in the woods .
two men cleaning the outside windows of a yacht
A baby is seated between two young boys on a seat .
A young boy stands waiting for a baseball to be thrown to him .
Two children are laughing in the grass .
A group of people walking through the snow near a bridge .
Two construction workers are patching up a hole in a street .
Several man are digging a hole in the street .
Three men wearing safety vests are repairing a street .
A man with red-hair working on his bicycle .
An Asian woman sits in front of a nude painting .
A child looking back on a fast moving swing .
Two men with a chainsaw fell trees in a leafless forest .
People are watching while a construction crew builds a bridge .
A man wearing a black jacket is playing guitar .
Group of people standing or sitting outside of a cafe .
A man with a guitar is sitting on a bench outside with three other people sitting by him .
A couple in a boat fishing on a small river .
A small child dressed in green is eating with a spoon .
Four young boys are standing around a grill .
A woman walks down a city sidewalk at night .
A man holds a hunting call for a woman to test while she leans out of a small boat .
A man adjusts the knobs on a large sound mixing board .
A woman and a man with a cellphone are looking at something in the distance .
Two dogs wrestle together in the long grass .
A man wearing a black cap , red and white checkered shirt at the park .
A man measuring a wall on a construction site .
Women , wearing traditional clothing , are reenacting native life .
Tennis player uses backhand in a match , possibly a doubles match .
A brown dog jumping in the air on a brown plain .
A young woman standing on a window ledge of brick building while child looks on .
Two girls fight for the soccer ball while playing soccer on the grass .
A child in gray clothes is sleeping on a red cushion .
Displaying a big smile and a thumbs up this man is holding up a carriage .
A young girl is smiling in front of the camera at a park .
A construction vehicle on a hill of dirt .
One man holds another man 's head down and prepares to punch him in the face .
A man in a red shirt pins a younger man in a white shirt to a blue padded mat .
Two martial artists are demonstrating a hold using sticks .
Women watch while wearing brightly colored garments .
An elderly woman buying food from a market stand .
People walk around and mingle in a large open space with a dog .
Two well-dressed , elderly ladies wearing extravagant hats .
The little girl is riding in a brown horse .
Four Asian women sitting on a bench while a man talks to them .
A man is sitting at an outside bar near many soda and beer cans .
Three people stand outside around two grills where meat is being cooked .
A young woman running by an orange ribbon .
Two women , a man and a small child picnic on a busy beach .
Two men wear silly stove pipe hats and wear makeup .
People sitting on benches in a public area .
A man looking at the camera with another man wearing a mask .
Three people are working on computers in a crowded office .
A child is jumping into a pool while a man is watching the child
A boy is diving off a diving board into a swimming pool .
Two women wearing emergency gear are standing in front of an ambulance .
A man with an apron is sculpting a masterpiece .
People having a barbecue by the beach .
A woman with holding a young girl playing with bubbles at a picnic .
Two men barbecuing , one dropping something on the ground .
A closeup of a person walking across the street .
a crowd gathers around a lady with an acoustic guitar who is performing
Two dogs are playing together on green grass .
A woman is sitting on the sidewalk , sketching an image with chalk .
A green-shirted man with a butcher apron uses a knife to carve out the hanging carcass of a cow .
A man wearing a feathered hat is riding a gray horse .
Two men in a parking lot are carrying a giant beer bottle above their heads while a woman stands in front of them .
Several female lacrosse players are going after a ball .
A dog in a number six jersey is running through a field .
A lady with long hair is throwing a bowling ball down the lane .
Two guys looking at the screen of a tv while one sings , (presumably ) and the other plays a set of big wooden drums .
A thin brown horse standing and a small black horse sitting on sand .
A kid looking over a carnival booth counter at the various toys .
A man sleeps in a hammock next to water and a boat .
a family posing for a picture in a pool during a swimming outing .
A man wearing a brown shoes and with a cardigan and glasses sits in a short stool .
A very unusually dressed man sitting beside an ice cream cooler .
A man with a beard and white bandannas is playing the guitar on the sidewalk .
A woman holds a plate of goodies for her little princess .
A small dog shakes its head on a white shag carpet .
The three girls in bathing suits are all smiles .
The young asian boy looks at his reflection in the park .
A group of standing moped riders look off into the distance .
The girl in a bright pink skirt dances near a stroller .
A man with a cigarette talks to a woman with a cigarette .
An Asian city at night with a large number of people walking around .
A woman in blue and pink reaching out for a hug from the blond-haired boy
A middle-aged man in a white apron eating a meal .
A man with a mustache , sitting in a restaurant eating a meal .
Workers prepare the restaurant for hungry customers .
A man sitting on a cliff in the mountains .
a young girl in a yellow dress and no shoes dancing on the dugout at a baseball game .
Three children looking into the water on a wooded lakeside .
A young girl is laying in the grass posing for the camera
Two adults hold a sign which says " Teaching Children for peace " .
Three men in tribal masks are sitting down with one another .
A man rides his dirt bike down a rocky trail .
Three young girls dance on the beach in the sand .
The young girl is kicking a blue and red soccer ball .
Black and brown dog growling at brown cat hiding under wooden bench .
There are six men mountain biking in a forest terrain .
Many people are standing and are watching something .
Two young women drink beer and play guitar in tent at outdoor event .
A man in shorts is chopping wood outside a teepee .
A little boy and girl riding their bikes down the sidewalk with training wheels on .
An adult and a child sitting on a police motorcycle .
A shirtless man in a hat and tie is hammering metal on an anvil .
A woman wearing a scarf is playing an electric cello .
A man wearing yellow and another man ride down a body of water in a wooden boat .
A young man with ginger hour is playing a game of pool .
A motorcycle racer in a red jumpsuit and helmet rides up a dirt hill .
A woman wearing glasses helps a small boy drink out of her cup .
Six women are sitting at a table together in front of a bookshelf .
three pairs of underpants are hanging from a line under a red shelter .
2 blond girls are sitting on a ledge in a crowded plaza .
Two off road bikers stopped in a creek .
Two girls , one in overalls , holding on to a fence with water behind them .
A boy has his head down and is wearing a shirt that says ADHD .
A wrecked sport utility vehicle is loaded to be towed by another truck .
Man and woman employed by Mongolian Barbecue stand at counter .
A young boy plays in the water with the mountains in the background .
Three children playing in the wake of the ocean .
a green John Deere tractor in a field pulling a red trailer .
Two children are playing on a makeshift barrel swing .
A group of onlookers glance at a person doing a strange trick on her head .
two people do jumping jacks on the beach
Three people are sitting at an outside picnic bench with an umbrella .
A man with a clipboard talks to a group of men in a field .
Two kids playing in a fountain at a water park .
A yelling child plays on blue monkey bars .
The 3 dogs are cruising down the street .
A person waits inside a red compact car .
A woman with a handbag is sitting on a wooden bench .
A guy with a laptop connected to a microscope doing some research .
A man wearing a beanie painting a realistic portrait of a building .
Woman sitting on bench and holding the leash of a large white and brown dog .
A man rides on his bike with one hand and holds a drink with the other .
A man in a blue collared shirt plays an instrument and sings .
A woman in a dark blue , and white sweater , walks with her son , down a street .
A baby in pigtails tries to climb out of their playpen .
A person is standing with one leg propped up with an object with a blue line in his left hand .
A little boy climbs a tire structure on a playground .
A man in a red jacket looking out over snow-covered mountains .
A man sitting in a lotus position among several large baskets of vegetables .
A person wearing a hat and baggy pants is skateboarding on cement .
A young person with rock climbing gear rock climbing on a artificial rock wall .
Asian girl on the street touches chest with left hand .
A woman on a subway is falling asleep .
A female soccer player crouches to put on her shoes .
A man in yellow and green shorts jumping in a living room .
Young , laughing , Asian child in a kitchen stirs a metal container with metal spoon .
Several travelers either standing or sitting on what appears to be a subway car .
A boy is adjusting a museum exhibit .
A man is jumping over a tall object in a gymnasium .
A black and white dog is carrying a stick in its mouth .
Man wearing protective eye gear performs a science experiment while woman watches .
A tall man stirring a pot of food on a stove .
A woman dressed in blue clasps her hands together .
A woman in a yellow shirt works on repairing a computer monitor .
A male working in a lab with a hat on .
Boy is lying face down in the grass with his foot on a football .
A woman pulling up her socks underneath her gum boots .
girls seated at table with a candle covered with lit candles
A man is sitting on a green train that is about to go through a tunnel .
A male smiles happily as he looks at many electronic cables .
A man in a gray shirt is pouring a drink into a flute .
Two black dogs are running on pavement
A girl jumping up in the air with her hands above her head .
A group of young kids play in the water on a sunny day .
There is an old man knitting hats while sitting on a pile of rocks .
A woman in a light blue shirt with white sleeves cuts a watermelon .
People are standing on a platform to board a train .
A little boy in a yellow shirt and a blue hat sits on the dock .
A group of people are at an aquarium to view marine life .
A winter landscape with four people walking in the snow .
There is a restaurant with a waiter and some cooks .
Two golfers look off into the distance with hands blocking the sun .
A lady in a teal shirt is giving an odd look while playing a game .
A woman is taking a swing with a golf club .
Several people are standing in line at a counter .
A man keeps order on a crowded street of people .
A young lady is leading her friend to a surprise by covering their eyes .
A woman in a blue shirt reads a newspaper while riding on a train .
A man in a white shirt , standing with his hands over his head in a seated crowd .
A man without a shirt is walking on top of lots of rocks .
A boy wearing a red sweater runs along a colorful beach .
A man in an orange sweater and dark pants lies on a white wall next to a lamp post .
A couple walking at a gathering with a balloon in the air behind them .
A man is walking down a street wearing a large hat .
A man is standing on a street holding a sign .
A man walks along a crowded beach searching for items with a metal detector .
A boy wearing a blue shirt is looking at a plant .
Two young children are standing in hall .
A wakeboarder flies sideways in the air .
A man and small boy pose with a large Jelly Belly mascot sitting on a bench .
Two younger people are being pulled on watercraft behind a boat .
A man sprinkles seasonings on his barbecue in front of foliage .
A boy wearing a bathing suit is doing a handstand while in a canoe .
3 boys are standing on a pier in their bathing suits .
Two young men sitting on a bench holding music instruments .
Two women crouch near a small child at a medieval fair .
Several people are standing near a fish pond .
A yellow backhoe is tearing down a brick building .
Three children are playing paddle ball on the beach .
A woman in a light blue jacket is riding a bike .
Someone is taking a stroll on their bike .
A man and a woman are riding bikes in front of a building .
Two people are riding bikes beside train tracks .
Two cyclist a man and a woman enjoy a leisurely bike ride on the cobblestone path .
Two people rest on a park bench next to their bikes .
A hurried bicycler moves along a car in a busy street on an allowed bike path .
A young boy who is wearing a helmet looks at a bicycle .
Two little boys look back as they walk across a grassy area .
A crowd of people are watching a little boy and a man struggle over a case .
One young blond female on an old ATV by a pond .
Sisters on a red four wheeler wanting to go for a ride .
A young boy is getting ready to throw a baseball
A girl in a blue dress walks through a crowd of people .
A chidl climbs a latter as he sticks out his tongue .
Woman inside of a food truck smiles out of the window .
A Brown furry husky dog sticking out his tongue .
A woman is standing next to a Japanese version of Disney 's Snow White .
A group of people are standing outside a building .
Dogsled rider pulled past flags on snowy hill .
A singer performing in a dark , smokey lounge , playing an emerald green guitar .
A young boy in a swimming suit sits in water .
Woman walking over bridge with teal handrails
A woman at a fish market is looking at the fish that are frozen .
At a outdoor stage , a woman in a black shirt has her arm around a man in a brown hat .
A girls smiles as she looks at a little boy laughing while reaching for the sky
The dogs are joined together with a red harness .
A black and a white dog on the snow .
A brown dog barks over its shoulder in the water .
a brown dog is leaping into a garden swimming pool .
A dog jumps for a red ball on the grass .
A young boy is running on picnic tables at a park .
Man walks giant odd dog while small dog poops .
A woman is touching a large man on the cheeks while at the beach .
A little girl in a pink top plays with a hoe in a hay bale .
A woman is sitting in a white chair at a furniture store .
A woman is reaching in an IKEA store .
Three dancers with swirling costumes perform .
A young female swimmer is getting ready to jump off the block .
Two swimmers competing in swim competition .
The two boys stand on a pile of rocks in front of some trees .
A young boy wearing a tropical shirt scrubs his oven clean .
A woman squatting to face a small child while holding a dog .
Man and woman starting a gardening project .
A man in a blue hat and sweater , working on a wall .
A Muslim couple is walking through a shopping center .
A group of individuals sitting in a restaurant .
A woman gestures to someone while sitting in front of some water .
A man wearing white overalls is juggling dangerous objects .
A female artist showing her painting and signing a paper .
A white person allowing a dog to go outside through a barred door .
Workers are in the kitchen while a man sits at a table .
A young woman sips on a drink through a straw .
A white male who has everything covered but his face and hands is holding an accordion .
A pretty woman plays a harpsichord .
A girl dressed in a red and black top with black pants is sitting on a wall .
A person in a crowd views an electronic device .
A group of people stop to look at something while one takes a picture .
Four young boys are running down a sidewalk .
A woman looking at a stranger through the glass of the bus .
A backpacker in the mountains wearing an american flag .
A man in a red sweater is sitting at a table with food and drinks in front of him .
A man is sitting next to a pizza oven .
An Asian food market where a woman is picking out food .
A little girl in a sweater is swung around by an unseen hand .
A man in an orange jumpsuit rests a hand on a very large reel of thick rope .
A young boy performs a backflip off a cliff , into the sea .
Dark nightclub with chairs .
A gentleman in a waiting room of a hospital with burns to his face .
Sexy young men stand on a balcony having a heated conversation .
An artist in a straw hat paints a beautiful cityscape out on a city street .
A boy in a blue life jacket jumps off a board into the lake .
A kid pulling a red push car toy on the grass .
A customs officer leaning on a bike rack outside of an office building .
A woman in a red top holding a crying baby .
A man in a suit holds his cellphone in the air .
A toddler in a white onesie is playing a video game at an arcade .
Boy in shorts , face down in shallow , reflective water .
Three shirtless boys are playing in the water .
A girl , with a gray blanket over her shoulders , is making yarn out of wool .
Hikers walking along a rocky trail .
In a tree filled park a man stretches .
People on a bus , riding and looking out the windows .
Two male security officers are restraining another man by the shoulders and arms .
Latin woman shows off homemade pizza in kitchen .
Hiking in the mountains down steep terrain .
a boy in a blue shirt with dirt on his face
A woman carefully applies makeup in front of a mirror .
Rugby players playing a match in a field sponsored by McDonald 's
A man in a Hawaiian shirt is playing an orange electric guitar on a stage .
Commuters on a train in Asia wait to arrive at their stop .
A cowboy leans back as he tries to avoid being thrown by the bucking bronco .
An adult man wearing jeans and black shirt holding a beverage .
A man has his arms around two women who are posing for a picture with him .
A man holding onto a jungle gym ladder .
A man sells food from a cart on the street while pedestrians walk past .
Two people are eating barbecue ribs at night .
The small boy is sliding down a pool slide and is about to hit the water .
A young female in a green tank top and shorts standing in the middle of the railroad tracks .
A girl is standing barefoot on the railroad tracks
People are standing near boats in a sandy area .
A blond woman with an orange shirt is making music on a stool .
A smiling bearded man wears a shirt with an orange peace sign
A woman with a crazy hairdo is shopping outside .
The two dogs are running through a field of flowers .
A young boy with swimming goggles , jumping into a swimming pool .
An overhead view of factory workers packaging product .
A man in a blue shirt and white cap cutting branches .
Two kids on wakeboards attempt to give one another a high-five .
The camera catches some movement as a man walks in front of the Alpha Dental Group building .
Two women wearing business casual clothing walk into a crowded office building
Several people walk up a flight of stairs .
Puppeteer entertaining with a puppet playing the saxophone on the side of the street .
Two people are in a small race car driving by a green hill .
People sitting on bleachers are watching a men 's soccer game .
A man in a yellow jacket sweeps the street in England .
Two asian women preparing food while a young man watches .
A dog swims holding a tennis ball in its mouth .
Two uniformed men having a conversation outside of a factory .
Many people are walking in a plaza with buildings of Asian architecture .
Three children and an adult view an electronic device that the adult is holding .
A man walking in the desert wearing a hat , khaki shirt and shorts and very dark sky ahead of him .
A young boy is walking in a grassy field .
A horse standing behind a woman with brown hair .
A man and a woman are in a kitchen eating what they have prepared .
A laughing girl holding a bucket splashes in the ocean
The little boy runs into the ocean .
A group of people line up at a tent for Martin 's Famous Louisiana Sausages .
Two girls jumping on a trampoline in a backyard .
A young woman wearing a bikini jumping into a pool
A man pulls a wagon full of chairs behind him down a city street .
A black and gray dog runs in a field with its tongue hanging out .
Here is a picture of a young boy crying inside a playhouse .
A smiling woman and several other people wear blue aprons and prepare food .
A person is hanging upside down from power lines .
A man in jeans practicing his golf swing at a driving range .
Two puppies run across flat stones in garden area .
Dogs are pulling a sled across the snow .
Older lady in a motorized wheelchair on a corner with a man walking in front of her .
Two guys gather around a table with two girls while drinking .
A railroad worker is checking the tracks .
A girl wearing a green and orange dress walks on the street with a balloon .
A boy and a girl are standing on a riverbank facing the water .
A shirtless man in jean shorts fishing off the rocks .
The little girl is wearing a floating device in the water .
These two women are having fun while taking pictures .
A man in a red shirt is jumping from a large rock formation .
While everybody else is having fun on a roller coaster ride , one lady at the very front seat seems too scared .
One child wearing a flannel , is touching a pumpkin in a pumpkin field .
The goose appears to be listening to the banjo player that is sitting on the park bench .
A girl in a purple shirt and a pink snoopy hat is laughing .
Beach scene with young woman in skimpy bikini top in foreground
A man in a dark jacket stands next to a man dressed in brown reaching down into a bag .
People clapping in the corner as they watch a band on stage .
A man driving an ice cream truck past apartment buildings .
A boy in swim trunks screams while being sprayed with water .
A young Asian boy leaps for joy into a pool of water , his tongue stuck out for joy .
A boy is on his bike on the sidewalk .
This boy is playing on a playground with tires on it .
A diver underwater having fun with a sea turtle .
A group of people carry things down a narrow road .
A large yellow dog is sitting on a hill .
A black , bald baby in a overall crawling on carpet .
A man walking next to a little boy wearing a backpack .
A man with a trash bucket walks by a statue .
A woman in a white shirt standing in a bread shop looking at the Italian loaves .
A woman is holding a bird while sitting in a flowering tree .
An older girl helps a younger girl ice skate .
A little boy and a little girl are lying on a black bench surrounded by adults .
Two children on the beach silhouetted by the setting sun .
older gentleman wearing white overalls holding a paintbrush .
A man in a jacket and pink tie sleeps on a park bench .
A man with a blue baseball cap on is sleeping against a rock .
A Hispanic person sitting among colorful fabric making a belt .
One man , cleaning a small office with a portable vacuum cleaner .
A man wearing a jacket working hard in a field .
A tan dog walks along a grassy path with his long pink tongue hanging out .
A man sleeping with a bag on his lap on public transportation
The elderly woman in house clothes is making waffles .
People inside of a building with their heads down with a view outside of bikes .
The Paramedics are helping someone wearing black shorts who is on the ground .
A worker stands on a scaffolding to repair a brick building .
Two people in black hats are standing behind a counter .
A woman grilling a variety of different kinds of meats at a cookout .
A man playing an exotic instrument is sitting in front of a Calvin Klein advertisement .
A man and a woman are walking along a sidewalk and talking in the sun
A pair of dancers perform on a red brick street .
A young boy in a white shirt is holding a wrapper .
A man in a white t-shirt cleaning up debris .
A firefighter is standing in his uniform holding a hose .
Young children at a martial arts competition , at a school gymnasium .
A lot of people are on the street holding balloons .
People waiting to cross the street in front of a pharmacy with lit up sign .
A man sips his drink from a mug at an outdoor cafe .
A man in a blue shirt gesticulates as he speaks to a uniformed official .
A man in blue jeans and a long-sleeved blue shirt bowling .
A woman with pink hair is applying eyeshadow with a Q-tip .
A black and white dog is running in the grass .
A man studying for his exams outside a bookstore
A young man in a red shirt cooking in a frying pan .
One man kissing another man on the check and both are in white shirts with black vests .
Several people sit on a train .
A group of people in white jackets are walking in a town street .
A woman and children navigate the balcony of an amusement ride .
Chinese street performing band plays outside of department store .
A man is holding a rope which is tied to a pig .
Two girls and a woman walking on the sidewalk
A market selling bananas and other delicious fruit .
A woman with sunglasses is having lunch with a friend .
Three men in work-related uniforms standing next to a building .
A baby swings in a swing near a wooden fence .
A woman is watching the tide .
Little boy and little girl having fun with sand on the beach .
Woman smiling in a bubble bath with only her head visible above the foamy water .
A boy playing with a yellow toy boat in brown , murky water .
A child wearing Crocs sits on a swing in a wooded area .
A man in a red shirt and black pants is breakdancing for an audience .
A man and a woman paddle down a turbulent body of water .
A girl does gymnastics on a balance beam on the beach with an amusement park and people in the background .
A man in an orange shirt is using a scraper in a sifter .
Two young girls playing with rubber swords in a park while a chaperone watches .
A woman is pushing a young girl in a swing .
Two boys posing in blue shirts and khaki shorts .
A man reads the paper while waiting for the subway .
A group of people are waiting for the incoming subway train .
A blond little girl wearing pink shorts is carrying a stick .
A man pushing a hand-truck of boxes is bending over to pick up a pear .
A woman smiles at the register of a small shop .
A group of men talk to one another in a bright office space .
Island woman cooking outside with pineapples and fruit .
Men and women in Scottish garb play the bagpipes as a runner approaches on the street .
Two men checking their barbecue in an oversized barbecue barrel .
A little girl holding on to a toy is running down a lane .
A man in a gray shirt and white hat standing in a boat holding a fish .
A man with long dark hair and a green tank top is looking at his fingers .
Two workers work in an industrial bakery .
Two sexy ladies are crossing the street .
Hiker climbing down a snow and rock covered mountain .
A woman is in the midst of vaulting over an object in a gym .
A puppy plays with an adult dog in the snow .
A person jumping off a rock formation in the desert .
Three women with headscarves and long skirts .
A boy waiting outside the kitchen holding his bike .
A man walks into a maroon building as a dog looks on .
Two people are riding their bikes on a country road as the sun is rising .
A large brown dog is sticking his face in the sprinkler .
A man in an orange shirt is taking a picture .
A team plays baseball at a large crowded stadium .
Two children walk down a path into the woods .
Little boy pushing another little boy up the pole .
A man stands among cement fixtures in front of a donut shop .
A child climbing to the top of a jungle gym .
A child poses wearing glasses near water outside .
A group of children , wearing white karate shirts , looking at the American flag .
Two martial artists face off - one holding swords , the other holding a spear .
Two men are in a boxing match , with an audience watching .
A man in a white shirt cutting food with a knife .
A young boy wearing swimming trunks is walking across rocks next to a beach .
A man is playing a saxophone next to a fire hydrant .
A man with a red and black shirt sells fish .
A little boy is having fun sweeping the leaves of the deck .
A terrier who jumped up has a red ball in his mouth .
Three friendly woman prepare a feast for them to eat later .
People are walking or running over a gray line on a large bridge .
Two girls are walking down a dirt road in a park .
A barefoot little girl in shorts and a t-shirt running towards a receding tide .
Some young people take photos of each other while in New York .
Young child wearing a green hat blowing up an orange balloon .
A black dog jumps into a pool that has many yellow balls in it .
Two fathers watching a coach direct 2 young boys at playing tee ball .
A person wearing white socks and black shoes is in front of a microphone .
A man in white and red with sunglasses carrying and blowing a very large horn .
The young child with red-hair bounced on the trampoline .
A woman just releasing a bowling ball down the bowling alley .
A man is bowling alone with a green ball .
People are on stage playing music to a group of people .
An Asian man wearing a black jacket is reading a newspaper in front of a store .
A wet dog on a leash is running through some water .
A shirtless man jumps in a sunny forest .
An elderly man takes his dog for a walk near the water .
Two people sitting beside a few small boats .
A young boy on the beach running into the ocean waves .
A young boy pours water from a container while standing on a boat .
A man walks down an ally way , searching for something in his bag .
A woman relaxes on a couch , with a white cowboy hat over her head .
A young boy casting his fishing line off a pier
A man wearing sandals is sitting on the stoop .
A wet black dog jumps into a pool to fetch a ball .
Two dogs , a pitbull and a black Labrador , run side by side .
Two men wearing swim trunks jump in the air at a moderately populated beach .
A man is sitting in a chair under an umbrella surrounded by pigeons .
A man wearing a t-shirt and shorts is playing golf .
a fireman spraying water into the hood of small white car on a jack
A group of people sitting in white plastic chairs are having a picnic .
A sweet young lady deciding whats for breakfast !
Men are struggling to carry wood down the street .
A man is clapping at the base of the Washington Memorial .
A young boy in a pullup is covered in marker ink .
A little girl is walking along a line of logs on a sandy beach .
A child holding a hose watering a plant .
The orange cat stands next to its owner in the pink flip-flops .
A couple waits to cross the city street at night .
A woman with a yellow shirt stretching on a bridge .
Fisherman with his daily catch on display , his product is fresh .
City workers are doing maintenance on a train track .
A blond-haired toddler in a burgundy hoodie smiling .
Worker loading handicapped man in wheelchair onto a train .
A dark-skinned woman , wearing a pink top and brown and white skirt , is crossing the street .
A woman wearing black with black hair is standing in front of a wall with writing in multiple languages .
A group of African people are awaiting to receive a bag .
While a man 's mowing lawn , a man and a woman are helping him to clean up the backyard .
A young man in a yellow shirt welding some metal .
A man wearing no shirt climbs the side of a large rock .
A girl is winding up to throw a softball .
A man in an orange vest tossing a child into the air on the beach
The white poodle dog is coming out of a blue tent .
The man is driving a small red race car around a track .
A group of children dance and play instruments under colored lights .
Two kids sit Indian-style , staring at the ground .
Young girl carrying camping gear and a stuffed brown dog .
A man in a hat and sandals is cooking a meal over a campfire .
A young girl 's face looking through leaves .
a black motorcycle is parked in a parking lot while another comes around the hill .
Young boy in climbing harness scaling a climbing wall .
The man stands in a body of water near a waterfall .
A black dog walks through some water .
A man is sliding down a huge sand dune on a sunny day .
A boy in a blue shirt throwing a rock into water .
A man with glasses being photographed behind a cage .
A dog runs through the forest with something in its mouth .
A tan dog wearing a red shirt runs through the grass .
Two officers in uniform chatting in a golf cart .
A young man in a yellow shirt is mowing the grass in what appears to be a rural area .
A smiling security officer with a blue vest on .
Two woman , one of which is cleaning her knife , are talking in the kitchen .
A woman falling asleep while holding the camera .
A woman is celebrating festivities , wearing colorful clothing , and walking elegantly .
The black dog is running through the grass .
A girl in a gray YMCA sweater looking through a telescope .
An infant is swaddled in a blanket in a bassinet .
An elaborate costumed figure is in front of a brightly decorated structure .
A woman playing a guitar on a makeshift stage , under a tree .
Three little boys take a bath in a rubber bin on the grass .
A woman is sitting at a desk in an office environment working on a computer .
A girl with animal earmuffs is making big bubbles .
Children and women gather outside a building .
A man with an earring interacts with a child on a playground .
man sitting in a wild life scene playing with a polar bear .
A man with blue shorts and a blue had running through water that is thigh deep .
A man in a blue shirt and black hat playing guitar .
A black person tends to the farmland with animals to sow seeds .
A small group of people are at the beach and are near a jet ski .
A girl is wearing her life vest while she rides a jet ski .
two man are sitting in white room playing guitar .
A dog drags a white rag through an almost-dried up creek .
Three women , all in tank tops , walk down the street .
A little boy stands with his hands on top of his head
An elderly street vendor is talking on his cellphone .
Solitary man in blue shirt driving red semi-truck of Khera Transport Corp .
A city worker places a street cone device which is verified by his colleague .
A man leans against a green post in front of an orange traffic cone .
A man getting gas in front of a convenience store .
A man holding a video camera standing next to a woman by water .
A rainbow is formed from a tank spraying water on a street .
The man with the goatee and black shirt is walking along the street .
a man in a gray shirt and a hat holding a jackhammer
Two men are inspecting a ship that is moored to a dock .
A man jumping on his bmx with another bmxer watching .
A toddler is cooking with another person .
A girl playing pool at a pool hall .
A man is rock climbing under a large cliff .
Young boy swinging on a tire swing .
three people are crossing a rope bridge hung between pine trees .
One Hispanic mail sitting on the beach under an umbrella in the sun .
A unicyclist performs on the streets in front of a large crowd .
A man and a little girl in a grassy area are planting a tree while a little boy off to the side is holding a hoe .
A little boy is running during a soccer game .
The man is sitting on the seashore as he watches the sunset .
A baby sleeping with a green Binky in its mouth .
A man in a black hoodie is preparing food .
A man and woman walk down the street together .
A lady wearing eyeglasses reading a paper while riding the train .
Three dogs looking at a cement ledge .
Three people enjoying the view in a modern building .
A woman wearing a Betsy Ross type costume sitting at a table .
Two paddlers propel a canoe down a tree-lined stream .
Four men working on a teal colored roof .
Man lays prostrate on the ground on his back possibly in exhaustion .
A woman stands on a brick sidewalk with three young children and a baby .
A skinny baker retrieving fresh bread from the oven .
Two people are standing outside of a wine shop .
Two people stand outside a restaurant in the city .
In this photo , it looks like a little boy is jumping into something .
The man in the black shirt is talking on the phone while enjoying a nice day .
Two men talking in the kitchen of a restaurant .
A young girl sits on a rock overlooking a large field .
A man running in front of a vehicle .
Two young men , one in black and one in red , jogging .
An Asian boy stepping on a stone next to a brick building .
A large group of people is grouped around a banner reading " We are demanding " .
A group of people standing together for a picture
a group of people sitting on the ground on the sidewalk
A group of spectators outside in the cold , all focusing on the same object .
Three young people huddle together under a blanket outdoors .
A man standing on a table filming with people surrounding him .
Three women and a man in a hat sitting cross legged in a group .
A lady holding a green sign at a protest to support Children advocacy .
An evening people sitting in front of a banner stating , From New York .
People in a courtyard plaza are sitting and standing .
A man in a bright green flux shirt walks along a crowded sidewalk under metal scaffolding at night .
People going through a buffet style line to design dyed eggs .
A girl working with paint while an adult guides her on what to do .
Students are taking part in a food day at their school .
A grandfather is holding his grandson while pushing a stroller at a baseball game .
A young boy is completing a martial arts kick onto a bag .
An older couple passes by a young lady on the sidewalk .
A one man band with a red umbrella stops in front of a woman with a child in a stroller .
A dog jumping in the air to retrieve a stick from a man .
Man aiming a rifle with his dog at his side .
A boat being bulled by a brown horse under a bridge .
A man sits at a table in front of a computer wearing headphones .
A heavily bearded man in a cap is playing a banjo .
A blond woman with glasses shops at an outdoor market .
A man is snowboarding over a structure on a snowy hill .
A dog lying on a blue cloth dog bed .
Two asian females go walking .
A man in black clothing looks at music with a tuba beside him .
A man wearing glasses and a blue jacket is smiling while men behind him are cooking on a grill .
a man in a black leather jacket is shuffling down the sidewalk .
A group of men and a woman are standing with spray paint cans .
A person in a red helmet riding a bike .
Woman looking at dresses in window of a clothing store .
A young child stands in a path in a field of sunflowers .
A man in green shorts and a brown shirt and sunglasses takes a picture .
People sitting in front of other people .
A man in a brown shirt standing in the crowd at an outdoor concert .
Two girls sit along a lake while a man in the background fishes
Two blond women sit beside their bicycles in the grass beside a body of water .
An old man is sitting on a stone bench .
A man in a suit and two men in orange vests standing around
a young child carrying a doll in a stroller
A woman at graduation without a cap on .
A man with gray hair and a plaid shirt looks out over a balcony .
A woman in a black shirt is sitting next to a florescent green bag .
Three dogs in a field looking at something in the grass .
Three kids in a martial arts class are in a stance ; each child has on a different color belt .
Two girls wearing goth trendy clothing while one looks back at the camera .
a lone woman sitting on an usual green bench with a cup in her hand
The small boy is excited he will be riding a go-cart .
A white bird is standing on a wooden platform .
A man on stilts is playing a tuba for money on the boardwalk .
Two young boys , wearing just underwear , climb around a vehicle .
A blond little girl has a bug on her arm and an unsure look on her face .
A man dressed in white and with glasses having something to eat .
A father standing on the side of a pond fishing as his son begins to wander off with the fishing net .
The security guard is guarding the museum with the black and white checked floor .
A young man in a suit standing out from the crowd , at what appears to be an art exhibition .
The man is opening a large pile of coconuts .
A black dog carrying some seaweed out of the water .
A man in jeans at the beach playing with a red ball .
Two young children are playing on the beach while a man watches .
A group of kids sitting in the back of a van together looking at a book .
A group of people are watching jets flying in a formation .
Two people contest a game of chess on a wooden table .
An elderly person weaving yellow yarn on a loom .
Two women are jogging and three men are walking on a dirt trail .
An all-woman orchestra in black formal dress prepare to play outside of a church .
A family is watching stunt jets in the sky .
People on the sand looking up at a white heart drawn by a jet in the blue sky .
A man with a pug dog bends over to pick something off the sidewalk .
The Irish Setter is retrieving a flashlight from the pond .
A man is pulling a little boy out of the water .
An elderly man is posing in front of some rock formations .
Two people and a small white dog are playing at the park .
Two guys sitting down on the sidewalk with long hair just looking around .
a group of instrument players on a stage
A young man with a green star balloon is standing next to an expansive door and building .
A man in striped shirt standing in front of , and working on , audio equipment .
A group of women wearing all black uniforms play various stringed instruments .
One man is sitting on top of a school bus , while another man , wearing a matching shirt , is standing inside .
A group of men are gathered together near a boot cleaning booth .
Many people are walking along the sidewalk in an Asian marketplace .
A person did a side flip while water boarding .
A man wearing a cowboy hat and a gold cross around his neck
Two men working on a small engine on a dirt road .
People wait for their luggage at the airport .
A large crowd of people are walking down the street .
People are gathered in a crowd looking at boats .
A group of dancing swimmers doing one of their routines .
One dog chases another on the green grass .
A skier carefully walks down a steep snow slope .
A man is oblivious to the crowds behind him at the Pennsylvania train station .
A young girl wearing a bikini in an innertube .
A man and a girl sit inside a floating tube in the water .
A man dressed as a woman sitting behind a sewing machine .
A man wearing a brown shirt is talking to a man in a white shirt .
Young man wearing a cape and black shorts in the hot sun .
Two men in business attire make conversation .
A bass player in a red shirt is playing while smoking a cigarette .
A man dressed in black is playing with a bar .
Woman in zebra print top and tight jeans standing on a curb .
Two women converse on the deck of a ship .
People hold a presentation at a retirement home .
A girl is hooked to bungee cords as the crowd behind her watches .
A man wearing a multicolored shirt is holding a megaphone .
A man in a black shirt and jeans is barbecuing outdoors .
A group of women observing an event while one in military attire takes a photograph
A young boy wearing a red bathing suit reaches for a soccer ball .
Four children playing in the sand at a beach .
A white dog competing in an agility event .
A yellow robot and young girl touch each other 's hands .
This Guy is looking at the view , down at the mountain .
White dog and black dog going down trail in wooded area
A lady and a boy with a blue shirt are eating in a restaurant .
A gentleman is rock climbing .
A crowd of people indoors sitting at tables with name tags .
Two men sit at work computers and work at night .
A man pouring a wheelbarrow of cement on a sidewalk .
A dog is running along a beach on a sunny day .
A young man in a suit is holding a microphone .
Several younger people walking down a street in heavy clothing .
a man in a harness being dragged across the water
Three girls shooting darts , girl in white 's turn to throw .
One dog shaking the water off , getting a second dog wet
A man rock climbs with a city and body of water in the background .
A man rock climbing pauses to calculate his route .
A couple who just got married eating their cake .
Five workers sitting in front of trucks eating lunch
A little boy is hiding underneath a table on the street that is displaying fruit .
A woman is sitting in a chair reading a book with her head resting on her free hand .
A young kid wears an eye patch and a bright colored bandanna .
A girl lays in the grass in front of the Leaning Tower of Pisa in Italy .
A group of people in evening wear are playing roulette in a casino .
Bushy bearded man sitting playing a guitar .
A baby manages to pull himself to his feet with the help of a couch .
An older man is carving wood using a machine and hand tools .
Man demonstrating an industrial saw at a fair .
A woman whose head is not visible walks in front of a bus with an advertisement on its side .
A woman playing beach volleyball is diving for the ball as it falls towards the sand .
A girl smiles as she runs across the white sandy beach in her swimsuit .
A man in a black shirt and jeans with glasses and white shoes is jumping high off the ground .
A man in glasses works behind a KitchenAid selling counter .
A man with long gray hair holding a champagne glass .
Man in a denim shirt orders barbecue from a street vendor .
A man in a flame-themed shirt is looking at barbecue tools .
A large amount of people at an outdoor festival .
Customers stand in front of and talk with representatives sitting at desks with computers .
A woman inspects a variety of fruits and vegetables on a small table .
a demonstration of how good KitchenAid products are .
Many people are gathered under a tent , getting food .
A man in a suit and glass has an object in his hands .
A baby stands on the side of a couch and knocks over a lamp .
Mother and father watching their baby pet an animal .
A man in an orange shirt is working on a large sand sculpture .
Three people are sleeping in a mass-transit vehicle .
A black man is holding is hands to the sky in a city .
A man and a woman is having a conversation on a road .
A man in a wetsuit catches a wave on his white surfboard .
A little boy in a teal uniform swinging a baseball bat .
A little boy points to the face of another little boy in base in a baseball game .
A young man , surrounded by wires , twists three wires together .
A woman in a blue blouse is handling a pink purse .
A woman dressed in mostly black standing on the street leaning against a street lamp .
A woman in an apron is standing in a kitchen , looking confused .
Two women are standing in a store with a baby in a blue stroller .
A man in a striped shirt plays the drums .
A man is standing on top of a rock at a beach .
A child jumps on a sand dune .
These ladies both have blondish hair .
A man in a pink shirt is sitting in the grass and a ball is in the air .
Young children in a classroom working on an arts and crafts project .
People watching two women wearing red and black dancing at a tavern .
A smiling man in a green shirt driving a vehicle .
Three men standing in front of a mountain peak .
Three boys busting bricks into very small pieces .
This group of people are signing books for friends and fans .
Three chefs preparing meals within the kitchen .
The chefs are standing behind the dessert table .
People gather under a tent near tables covered with white tablecloths .
A young boy wearing blue jumps off of a cement sidewalk .
A man in red shorts jumps behind a volleyball net .
A truck driving along a beach near a flock of seagulls .
An older lady in a black shirt is adding ingredients to a KitchenAid mixing bowl as a crowd looks on .
A room full of people sit at counters with many wineglasses .
A group of runners and walkers posing together for a picture .
A man in a colorful t-shirt is standing at an outside food stall .
Little girl moving quickly on grass beside silver car .
A boy with a tiger t-shirt stands on top of someone in a bed .
Two laborers are working on a roof with a bright blue sky in the background .
A person is laughing on a roller coaster ride .
Man in black on microphone , in band .
A man and woman walking together through a wooded area swinging a child by arms .
The young man is holding a drink and checking his cellphone .
A boy in a yellow helmet sits next to another kneeling boy .
A group of people are laughing , and a baby in an orange shirt is looking on .
A woman in an red tracksuit squeezing lemons in a press .
A young man and a young woman serve food
Two small children sitting in the trunk of a car .
Two men are watching something .
A baby touches the man 's face while he is lying down .
Man in white shirt and black cap hands out food tray .
There are several different bicycles sitting in front of several shops .
A wet dog is jumping over a hurdle .
A woman is grabbing a guy 's foot and putting it behind his head .
There is a man with a brown hat lighting a cigarette .
A nun is being searched at an airport by a female Department of Homeland worker .
A man in a suit is sitting at a desk and talking into a microphone .
a man wearing a gray hat fishing out of a fishing boat .
The man has a large Mohawk and is sitting outside .
People are gathered outside for a protest , and one woman in the front is smiling at the camera .
A boy wears a ninja suit and strikes a pose .
A man wearing a martial arts uniform is jumping through the air .
A girl in a striped shirt is carrying luggage .
Five teenagers sitting on concrete steps .
A man in a baseball cap playing a black acoustic guitar .
A clown and a average looking man with sunglasses looking perplexed .
An older woman , blowing out the candles on a cake .
A man is bending down repairing a house .
A mechanic with paint stained overalls works on a fancy car 's tire and a photographer in a yellow jacket takes a picture .
Two people are eating a meal together .
A man carrying a backpack on his back walks in a large field of grass .
Firefighters on a scene with 2 trucks and 4 firemen present
A city market on a street sits in the foreground , with city buildings lay in the background .
A group of people with paper cups sitting around a fire talking .
A man sits on a field near a backpack .
Construction workers working on a large building .
Two little girls hang on a bar in front of a wooden fence .
A little boy walks along railroad tracks in the woods .
Two black dogs splash around on the beach .
A white dog jumps to catch a blue ball in a living room .
A girl begins to climb a red piece of playground equipment .
A baby is crying next to a girl in a green shirt .
A person sleeping under a small pink cover with white and yellow circles on it .
A man brushes a goat as a little girl pets the goat .
A girl touches a boys face ; both are smiling .
A man perched on a row of aquariums is using a net to scoop a fish from another aquarium .
Two men wearing hats are shown at the front of a crowd of people .
A man stands at the end of a pier reading a book against a blue sky .
A young child working in the kitchen has powder all over his face .
A young child stands on a wood dock next to the water .
Two men sit at table at a conference given answers as the questions are called out .
A man is passed out on the concrete with a bottle of water .
A flower girl at a wedding is examining her basket as people look on .
A skateboarder doing a trick on a stone wall .
A man sorts though his fish net on a makeshift frame .
Two hikers wearing dark clothes rest on a snow covered peak .
A woman is holding a jar of mustard and a boy is looking at a tray of hamburgers .
Two children climbing on top of art .
A man with stretched earlobes wearing a black hat stands in front of a display of food for sale .
A person standing on some rocks near a large body of water .
A person is climbing a ladder of iron bars attached to a pole .
A little boy is sitting in the bucket of a piece of machinery .
A white dog with a branch in his mouth and a black dog .
The couple is kissing , while standing facing .
A man with pierced ears has a pen sticking out from under his red hat .
Two men are standing : one has body modifications and the other is wearing a hat .
A lady sitting down and someone with black shorts and shoes
A young lady wearing yellow is feeding a small child at the table .
A man wearing a yellow safety vest and hard hat is driving a tractor .
Man stands outside against wall with tennis racket in dark .
Two female volleyball players look up to find the ball .
Two people standing on the side of a city street .
A man holds a large fish on a boat .
A man in a gray sweatshirt observes the amazing view above him .
Two older looking cars are on a drag race strip .
A group of girls sitting on blankets in a park area reading books .
Three older Asian women are sitting on the ground .
A man is playing an electric guitar and singing on stage .
There is a man with yellow pants and a man with black pants .
A hiker is walking a treeless path up a hill .
People are standing near a food vendor in a park .
A man having just thrown a baseball in large field .
A man is slicing vegetables in a kitchen .
A person cuts paper in front of a table lined with decorated bottles .
A number of colorful balls hide children .
A white dog treads the water with sticks in its mouth .
A large crowd is watching a man in yellow pants perform .
A young man , in yellow pants , is performing in front of a crowd .
A man with a large hiking backpack outside
Four people are sitting on the beach , looking out towards the ocean .
A man in a gray shirt with a beard prepares a recipe .
A group of young people dressed in mostly black are around a table getting ready to eat .
Woman is eating something from small bowl .
A man with three large , orange drums , jumping in the air .
Face of person with glasses on drinks from a small glass .
This is a bunch of people attending some sort of festival involving food .
A younger man and an older man are shaking hands on a tennis court .
A child wearing a red jacket is sitting on the man 's shoulders .
A man in a black shirt and jeans is in midair above a messy bed .
A small child is holding a mop next to a washer and dryer .
A young male adult takes a break from hiking in a canyon .
Three men are standing and talking on a porch .
Blond woman lounging on a couch pursing her lips .
A person rides a motorbike through a grassy field .
A man on a motorcycle steers through swampy terrain
Two young children playing with big wheels in an urban area .
A woman in a green shirt and red hat is standing in a body of water .
a taxi cab with a mama mia ad on top of it
A black and white dog leaps for a flying disc while another one watches .
A man is hanging from a cliff while rock climbing high above .
A man wearing a backpack is climbing a rock .
A red airplane is flying by a large ship .
A person standing on a ciff looking down at plains and trees .
A man using a pink rope to climb down a cliff .
a young man wearing a white helmet climbing up a rock wall
A man climbing a cliff with a rope .
A man and a woman get married in a wedding ceremony .
A young boy is hitting a ball off of a tee .
A bored looking construction worker is holding a drink .
A man in a jumpsuit and a yellow t-shirt is looking at the ground .
A man is jumping in the air in front of a coastal scene with water and mountains in the background .
this Man , with a Red & White Shirt has Water Bottles on this White Truck .
Smiling boy standing near the pool .
The two dogs are in the water retrieving a stick .
The man and dog , which is leaping into the air , are playing Frisbee .
A group of guys gathered and drinking at a bar .
Construction worker overseeing his work while coiling up cable .
A man is remodeling a room and standing by a ladder .
A crowd of people surrounding a fountain in front of a cityscape .
Young children , all reaching around an unseen object .
A little girl jumping up doing a split in the air .
A woman in a blue hat and yellow skirt is jumping in an area with lilacs .
A little girl and a little boy playing on a bouncy ride .
A man and his wife walking hand in hand down the street .
Two young boys play besides a lake , throwing rocks into the water .
A dog tags a nap on a rug near his favorite toy , a plush centipede .
A woman speaking in front of a chevy malibu .
A black and white dog climbs a leaning tree trunk .
Two girls in soccer strips are playing on a sports field .
A brown puppy chewing on a tree branch .
Gray-haired man in plaid shirt working with wood .
A woman in a black shirt proudly is holding up a freshly baked pie .
The back side of a woman standing on a city sidewalk .
A young girl gliding on a rope swing beside a red barn .
An adolescent in a red life jacket is paddling down a river in a canoe .
A white dog catches a Frisbee in a jumping pool .
A tan woman in an orange vest works with clay .
Three young boys are running on grass .
Two dogs are playing together in the grass .
Thie little girl is taking a picture with a camera .
A man , using a sprayer on a sand sculpture by a large body of water .
A man and woman are taking their photograph together .
Two laughing women sit at a table with drinks .
Two men wearing safety harnesses are working on a light fixture .
A man standing reading a paper by a building with graffiti and garbage cans .
People talking as they walk on cellphones outside by a green wall .
A girl with pigtails is laughing .
A toddler in a red toy car drinks from a juice cup
Man trying to fix a train by leaning into the equipment box .
A man in an orange shirt observing an orange product .
A man playing a guitar on stage , wearing a black suit .
Fire is flaming in the skillet of a man in a white coat .
Some boys dancing in front of the Hartman Prehistoric Garden sign .
A man and woman wearing white are jumping on the Great Wall of China .
A smiling Asian girl dressed in a wide-brimmed hat , red jacket , and white gloves is sitting by and touching round orange produce .
Two girls lay upside down on their bed .
A man drives a blue forklift trough a busy street .
Man wearing white shirt does a yo-yo demonstration .
A man is looking into the jaw of a stone lizard , trying to imitate it .
Three people are having a conversation on a white boat .
A catcher and a pitcher of the same team talk on the pitcher 's mound .
Three dogs fight for a green chew toy on a stone walkway .
Four young girls pose for a picture at school
A old man in a green shirt sits on the curb holding a camera .
This is a street in a poor area where two people are sorting through tobacco .
Two men stand beneath a tree as they watch the sunset over the ocean .
A little boy does a cartwheel on the beach .
Artwork on stairs and covering the wall .
A little boy stops a Frisbee with his face outside .
A man in khaki walking down a sidewalk .
A long-necked bird standing on rocks by river rapids .
A man in a blue canoe battling through rough waves
A man wearing camouflage shorts and a white t-shirt shines the black dress shoes of a man wearing black dress slacks .
A man excavating bones and tools from an archaeological site .
A group of cyclists is pausing nearby a green and tan sign .
A young black boy is guiding his animals down a dirt road with a blue rope .
A man standing and playing guitar to an almost empty city plaza .
The fat , old man falls asleep in the chair .
A man is standing with a street cart with an umbrella .
A man is standing in a doorway in the city , near a garage door covered with graffiti .
The little girl in the striped shirt is eating some bread .
Five people playing string instruments in public .
A baby sits in a stroller , while being pushed along a pier or bridge .
Nine cheerleaders perform acrobatics behind a row of chairs .
Two people in heaving clothing preparing food on a mountain .
Mountain climbers on the peak gazing through the fog .
The barefoot woman in sunglasses sits in the tree .
Several people are enjoying a walk along the waterfront .
A man in gray holds his dog 's leash while his son sits on his shoulders .
There is a man sitting in a restaurant at night .
Four children in uniforms stand in front of palm trees .
A girl wearing a costume leans over as other children look on .
The two ladies are riding bicycles near the beach .
A large white dog growling at a large black dog .
A man plays guitar on a stage while another woman smiles
A young boy wearing a red scarf around his head with the word free written in red on one cheek .
The lady singing is wearing a blue dress .
A woman in a blue dress singing in a band .
A man playing a guitar on stage while a man plays drums in the background .
Children are contemplating their next move in a game of checkers .
A family of 3 sits and poses on a couch together .
A young girl suspended by rope next to a mesh .
A girl in a white shirt jumps on a trampoline .
A boy on a playground swing strikes a medatative pose .
A male soccer player kicks the soccer ball with his right foot .
A man is wearing a gold outfit while standing with his gold bike .
A man in a blue shirt touching his sideburns .
A little boy stands up next to a window and cries .
A man in shorts is washing his boat in his driveway .
A man in a green shirt and beige cap is standing in a household .
A woman smoking a cigarette leaning over talking with someone .
A man of african descent wearing a red shirt is sewing a garment outside a building with a blue door .
A man sitting outdoors ironing fabric while three people observe
A girl drinking a soda while another plays Wii while sitting on couches .
A little boy is kneeling in front of an overturned bicycle , looking at tools .
A black dog is swimming in green water with something in its mouth .
A man paddles down the rapids in a kayak .
A man is paddling in whitewater rapids .
A group of people pull a jeep stuck on a rock .
Men in orange vests try to free a vehicle stuck beside a road .
A busy street filled with men wearing cowboy hats
A small dog runs in a field , with a toy in its mouth .
four women wearing caps walking along the beach
A blond man is holding a map while sitting in a boat .
two young girls wearing pink playing on a playground
Baby looking at the leaves on a branch of a tree .
A man in white shirt play guitar to a woman in a white shirt .
A Baseball batter raising his arm .
Two women are walking down a dirt path carrying loads on their heads .
Two girls in pink are playing on yellow playground bars .
A black dog is jumping up , biting a man 's padded arm .
A man wearing colorful clothing and white sunglasses is playing a large drum with his hands .
A boy in a pool squirts a bright green water gun .
A big tan dog lays on the ground looking to the side .
A man and a woman are standing in the middle of the highway looking at motorcycles on the road as traffic is passing .
People happily walking along a street with palm trees in the background .
A man drives an orange tractor with two small children riding in the back of it .
Two women in t-shirts hike through a park .
A man and his dog on the top of a mountain .
Two children getting into a van while one child waits for them .
Young children play near a stack of two tires .
A woman holding a white box taking a nap seated in a subway car .
Two dogs are fighting on brick pavement .
A black dog runs through the water .
The large dog is holding a rope in its mouth and the little dog is walking beside it .
A man walks down the street in front of a building with large windows , with a reflection from a car below .
Person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill .
seven people are riding a green raft in a white water river .
Two women are on a rock wall while others walk along a path .
Woman in a white top and green pants handling green vegetables .
A man in a green shirt , blue coat , and blue jeans walking .
A woman sleeping in a yellow and tan striped chair .
People are running outside of a building at night .
A man is cutting up food to put in bowls of food at a food court .
Four people climbing a hill in the snow .
A girl wearing glasses and a polka dot shirt is smiling .
A man wearing a life jacket and helmet is water rafting down a river .
A man is standing by rocks and water and is holding a stick .
A little boy sitting on a green swing .
A man wearing a blue shirt and tan pants crossing the street .
A young boy wearing Mickey Mouse clothes in a jungle gym .
A woman is sitting on a tiny stool eating with chopsticks .
A blond woman in blue shorts walks on the beach carrying her shoes .
Two men in teal scrubs stand in front of a cafe with an open sign .
A woman wearing a brown skirt is walking over a bridge .
A boy and a toddler boy stand by a water fountain .
A group of people are walking to the beach .
A male surfer exiting the ocean with his surfboard .
Five young people , four boys and one girl , are gathered in the kitchen .
A man wearing no shirt climbs a steep cliff .
Closeup of man 's legs on a bicycle peddal .
Men standing on ladders repairing the windows of a building .
A number of people are climbing up scaffolding .
The brown dog bounds through the leaves and the underbrush .
A skateboarder attempts to do a trick over a homemade ramp .
A muddy child jumps into more mud on the ground .
A woman in a green jacket is waiting to cross the street at a light .
Two elderly people are walking down the street on a sunny day .
A narrow stream runs between leaf-covered hills .
Scuba diver submerged in water .
The girl in the black bikini is coming out of the water .
A young man is starting a barbecue while drinking beer in a wooded area .
Someone is lying down in the grass .
A person in a scuba suit holds a very small lobster .
A young girl runs down a hallway with wooden floors .
Three children are next to a body of water .
An elderly gentleman and two women post for the camera while sitting on a bench .
Coordinated youths playing orchestral instruments .
Two men are underground and appear to be mining .
Two African American males looking into the camera while their photo is taken .
Boys are climbing wooden poles in a dirty river .
A man selling or delivering newspapers stands in front of a Spanish-language information sign .
three old ladies walking and carrying purses
A blindfolded man aims for a pinata while people watch from the deck behind him .
One man checks out a bicycle in a shop while another sits nearby .
A lady with a pink bike is smiling for the camera .
Man in white uniform mops the floor .
A woman standing outside painting a picture of the view .
Children are reading and writing .
Man hikes alone with large mountains in the background .
A large excavation is taking place in a city .
Four ladies at kitchen counter getting food together for a party .
Two people sit on top of a cliff overlooking a river .
A man is sitting on the grass holding a baby in front of him .
A man saws through a piece of wood to repair a fence .
Two men are in a subway station getting ready to mop .
Entertainment for the city children .
A boy playing with a wheel on a stick .
An African man is working with a wooden machine .
A group of people are walking down a rural street .
Two ladies with aprons were working very hard on a very shiny table .
Three dogs are running and playing together by the side of a house .
A man and a dog sit on a bench near a body of water .
A lot of people walking near a crosswalk in the rain .
A lady in a scarf placing rice down to roll sushi .
A light colored dog is walking through a stream .
Two little black boys are playing with plastic bottles and having a lot of fun .
Two young girls are together , one is sitting in a chair and braiding the other 's hair .
A young black baby in colorful clothing sleeping on a rope bed .
A little boy sits on a slide on the playground .
Two women are dancing with each other indoors .
Brightly dressed men doing acrobatics on a log .
The adult is helping the child into the swing .
Two men play a frisbee game near an airport .
A lady in an orange dress holding a suitcase opened with a hammer inside .
guy instructing people in back of train .
a man holds a wooden dowel smoking a cigarette in a messy kitchen possibly drunk .
A man operating a crane concentrates while inside of a protective booth .
Two men in a boat sitting in the middle of the ocean .
Motorcycles are parked behind a fence on a crowded street .
A man and a woman holding a blue and green slushy on a busy street corner .
On a patio preparing for a grill-out , the man in the welding mask stirs curiosity from the little girl .
A group of people sitting in a subway station looking at the camera .
A sleeping baby in a bib laying on a blanket .
A man is playing the accordion on a busy street at night .
Two people are climbing a rock wall with a rope .
Man with sunglasses on sits at a table with drinks .
Two divers , wearing scuba gear , encounter a dolphin .
Three people in black and white costumes talking on the street .
Two ladies working on crafts on the floor of their home .
A young man , wearing a red beanie , is building a sand castle on the beach .
A young boy eats a sandwich on his family 's porch .
Five cowboys are sitting on horses inside an enclosed space .
A man is fishing in the ocean with a large woman walking to the left .
People dressed in all white are looking at some shaved lambs .
A man and a woman share a kiss on the beach .
A cleaning lady at a mall is cleaning windows .
A crowd has gathered to watch a young man break-dance in the street .
A football player blocks someone from the other team so his teammate can pass the ball down the field .
Two little children are on a wooden bridge in the woods .
a woman in a white sweater crossing the street .
A child wearing shorts is moving a window screen .
A black male wearing a white shirt with a striped shirt over top is playing with guns .
One football player tackles his opponent as bystanders watch from the sidelines .
A border collie rallies a lamb in a fenced in area .
Person escapes straitjacket and chains while a child looks on .
A young boy jumps into the water as a woman holds his arms .
Several people , including a little girl playing games in a video arcade .
The man waeribng a helmet is riding a dirt bike over rocks .
Four young men enjoy a dip in the local lake .
A boy and his younger brother playing together at the playground .
A family sits in the grass in a park in India .
A shirtless man standing on the edge of a stream .
A pep band in red and white uniform is playing while seated in a stadium .
A young woman in a pink hoodie takes a picture .
A woman on horseback at a rodeo holds the American flag .
A child holds another child while on the ground .
Three young girls in white dresses run towards a fountain .
A woman and a child are walking past a tree and a building .
A little small girl playing in a river with a dog .
A little girl sitting in front of some lake water .
A small child is sitting in a wooded area surrounded by green plants and leaves .
a child is doing a back flip whilst jumping on a trampoline .
A dog with brown spots , standing at the shore of a lake .
A man in a blue long-sleeved jacket crying out of fear .
The woman is walking next to a subway with shopping bags in hand .
A woman in a white , striped dress and white boots , walking along a marble platform .
A group of people singing with books in their hands .
Two women are playing keyboards under a lit tent at night .
People with bags and cameras walking on road .
A boy smiles at points at something ; a man looks to the side .
A intense looking dog is about to grab a ball in mid bounce .
Two men in black shirts do handstands on a stage .
Food prepares are serving their customers with pride .
A man wearing red is playing a banjo in the street .
A group of smiling young women posing together .
There are lots of colorful foods that this women seems to be selling .
A guy and a girl holding a drink are dancing in the street .
A man is holding a big spoon and looking at a very large platter of food .
Two puppies wrestle with each other
Four men are rollerskating in a park , holding on to each others ' waists .
A young woman in a white shirt and glasses talks to a group of people .
A girl in pink is on the shoulders of a mustached man .
An Asian man hanging a framed photograph while a woman watches .
A boy examining a gun with another boy and a man in the background .
A gray dog runs along the green grass .
An older man wearing sunglasses and a white t-shirt
A woman wearing a shirt that has risen up from the waist of her jeans .
Three men sitting around a table during a speaking engagement .
Little girl stands in front of brick wall on cement block .
Two women dressed professionally and wearing name tags eating a meal at an event .
A man playing guitar with an american flag in the background .
Boys camp drill Sergeant with boys standing at attention .
The blond girl is jumping up in the air .
A teen in a green shirt laughs , while a girl with a yellow sweater , and a pink , plastic tiara , holds a balloon .
A brown , black , and tan dog run in the ocean .
Two children are playing with a kite out in wide open countryside .
A worker making sure his machine is working correctly .
A man in a green shirt and blue jeans is welding .
A worker with face protection is using a machine .
A young boy is sitting in a blue chair .
Graying white man with glasses , uses blacksmith tools .
A young boy in a blue hat is pointing .
An old woman is sitting on a bench , while behind her a limo pulls up and two people in white are walking by .
Three men and one woman are sorting through stacks of light blue papers .
BMX biker in shallow stream with current performing a wheelie
A homeless man sitting on a sofa under an overpass .
A group of people stare at a building .
Construction workers work on an unfinished building .
A white dog that is muddy walks across the green grass .
Two children run in the sand , along the shore .
a small black and white dog running through the grass with a tennis ball in his mouth
Tanned man in a animal print Speedo walking down the street .
A black dog is running through the water .
A small dog leaps in the water .
3 young blond kids in life preservers jump on hay bales .
A gray colored dog walks in wet sand at a beach .
A man in black and white outfit jugging large white rings .
A man wearing a doo-rag with long hair stares right in the camera .
A person wearing blue jeans and a blue tank top stands and waits .
A little boy plays with a water toy while others watch .
A bird is perched on a tree branch .
A man in a yellow shirt wearing multicolored plastic jewelry .
A man in a robe is riding a donkey down a street .
A man in a leather jacket reads from a book to people in a classroom
A group of adults and children , with one man pointing at something off-camera .
The police are on the scene of what ever happened , with a handcuffed man .
A woman is drawing a caricature of two people .
A man and women are walking up a sand dune .
A man helps a woman with a walking stick up a large sand dune .
A red car is parked in front of a red grocery store building .
A man prepares to sell items from his food cart .
A mechanic in blue coveralls works on a bus .
Construction workers are painting .
Three construction workers working in a construction site .
A man in a blue kayak paddles in water .
A man and a woman are standing on the beach with their child .
Spectators on a rocky , grassy beach sit and watch events unfolding on a lake .
A teacher showing her students something on a projector screen .
A woman and young girl hang clothes on the line .
Two hikers rest on a snow-covered mountain .
A boxy building , A group of trees , a church at sunset .
Bald woman wearing glasses reads to four men and one woman .
A man wearing black playing a red accordion while sitting .
Some construction workers are on a platform doing work to a building .
A mailman in his truck whom is in front of a gate .
A young child is sleeping inside a vehicle that is parked outside .
A curly-haired child in a white t-shirt grasps the handlebars of a riding toy .
A young asian girl makes a silly face for the camera .
A man is driving a large construction vehicle .
Boy wearing a red jacket performs a handstand on the grass .
A toddler runs toward the camera at a park .
A dog and sand blowing in the wind
A woman stands on an urban sidewalk holding a beige handbag .
An elderly women is walking in the street in the winter using a cane .
A man in a black shirt sitting on the floor fixing a bicycle .
The young people have plenty of snacks close at hand .
A man is standing on red scaffolding .
A man in a blue shirt , jeans , and wearing a tool belt is climbing down a metal rod .
A woman and three children standing looking down at something on the ground .
Two men are using hand tools to dig up the ground .
A band with a washboard playing for a crowd .
A boy is performing a trick on his skateboard beneath white clouds and a blue sky as four sitting guys watch him .
Four men standing in outside of Wells Fargo Bank .
Two boy put their hands together while another boy goes under their hands .
A young boy jumping barefoot on a trampoline in his grassy backyard .
A group of young males standing around a table .
Two barefoot girls are taking a walk with their parents
A group of fans at a stadium are wearing red and cheering .
A woman in a hat sits reading and drinking a coffee .
A man with a shaved head and a button-up shirt looks into a microscope near a poster about red blood cells .
three children play in the snow in an urban area .
Boys kicking soccer ball in the grass under a tree
Group of women standing in front of a shop wearing a blond wig and black jacket .
A boy in camouflage pants and his ball lying in front of a blue car .
little girl with long brown hair sitting on counter .
a group of kids riding on the giant swing ride
A girl sits with excavating tools examining a rock .
Dog with a thick collar running through the grass
An Asian woman selling silk scarfs , bags , and wallets .
Young female child swinging in a swing with a sippy cup .
Two people talking to a man about the instrument he is playing .
Two men with colorful parachutes have just landed in a field .
A child wearing a cowboy hat running toward another child .
A young boy tried to lift a heavy pumpkin in a pumpkin field .
A group of men in oriental attire are celebrating .
Three people playing with a large ball that looks like a globe .
The skinny brown dog is walking on a fallen tree .
A man cleaning windows on the 3rd story of a mansion
A young man shaves his face , while a girl behind him takes a picture in the mirror .
A young boy crawling under a police barrier .
A man in a blue shirt and cap is standing in front of the Candy Cafe .
A woman in a dress and baseball cap sits next to the water .
Two large dogs attempt to bite each other playfully .
A lady in a green shirt is surrounded by antique jars .
A man with a strange helmet is sitting on top of a blue motorcycle .
A toddler is asleep on a bed along with a stuffed animal .
An older man sitting against a call with a guitar in his hands .
Two women and a man are wearing medieval blue and gold robes and red hats are playing wind and brass instruments .
A man is playing a violin outside on a sidewalk .
A man fresh water fishing with a long pole .
The man from SUA Honda is fixing the bike tire .
Several people , two with bikes , gathered at a crowded area in an Asian country .
A group of three people ice skating .
A young boy is jumping down an inflatable water ride .
Kid standing and looking determined in the playground
Men skateboarding down a hill with helmets on .
2 sculptors arrange the mounting on a new piece of art .
A little girl sits in a plastic swing set .
A group of people wearing floral shirts playing in a band outside .
Two men are underwater with SCUBA gear , sitting together on the bottom of a pool .
Two young men wrestling on a red wrestling mat .
A few baby 's in strollers wondering lots of things .
A dog chewing a blue rope while two men watch from behind .
Man kicking football off tee in t-shirt and shorts
A man with a canoe is on the beach with a tent set up .
A man cooks his dinner outdoors in front of his orange tent
Two soldiers are playing baseball and touching the base .
Two people are jogging around a blue track at dusk .
A child plays on the ground in a pile of leaves .
A man has fallen asleep while reading The Da Vinci Code .
In a restaurant , a woman and a baby watch as someone bends over to pick up a napkin .
A man in a sweatshirt reading " Alaska " sells lottery tickets .
Two men trying to build something together , while having fun .
A girl with the sun behind her plays with some jewelry .
A small white dog stands on its hind legs .
Toddler sits on carpet in living room touching guitar .
A girl with blue hair is pushing a coffee cart .
A man in glasses is grilling wieners and meat patties on a grill .
A boy in a red hat is taking pictures with his camera .
A little boy with a red cap and blue pants holds a tripod and snaps a photo .
A smiling woman is standing behind a celebration table for a bridal or baby shower .
A woman opening a gift around her friends .
A man in a black jacket is has a white headphone in his ear .
a couple dogs in and around a small lake of water near a highway
Two girls are wearing life vests and hugging each other .
A customer sitting at a counter watching people work in a kitchen .
Three young people playing cards and laughing .
Three dogs greeting each other in a field of green grass .
A man in a blue shirt is spraying a sand sculpture .
A group of people are performing a dance in the street .
Dad with two kids in the checkout lane at the grocery store .
A man on a city street is taking a photograph of someone dressed up like a spaceman .
A young brunette male comforting a young girl in a red jacket .
A young child climbs on a rope net .
Four kids , one wearing a red shirt and three wearing yellow , rollerblade through a square .
Three boys are running on the beach playing a game .
A girl with her arms raised riding down an inflatable slide .
Three swimmers are swimming or racing in separate lanes .
A large group of people in red soldier jackets are standing in lines outside .
A boy jumps from the top of a blue plastic slide .
A busboy cleaning the table at an outdoor restaurant .
A rock climber in a red helmet looks down the cliff .
A guy in a hard hat working on some machines .
A young man in a black t-shirt plays with a giant Blackberry .
Three tall women stroll down a crowded sidewalk .
A woman is sitting in a chair , while a man is going through the sport utility vehicle .
A boy and yellow and girl in red playing cricket .
People playing outside near a water fountain getting wet .
A man with a plastic bag walks down the street , passing by apartment buildings .
A woman stretches her calves next to a public restroom .
A child watching her mom measure herself against a tomato holding a ruler .
Several men , all wearing red , tugging on a rope .
An audience is watching and waiting for something to happen .
A blond girl opening a green wrapped package .
A man standing on a street in the city playing the accordion .
A young lady talking directly into a microphone .
A man in a blue shirt barbecues meat outside .
A man in a blue shirt eating on a deck outside .
A woman sings in a club with a guitarist behind her .
A woman playing guitar in red and blue light
Man standing on edge of large rock overlooking scenic view .
A man is reading off a sheet of paper to a crowd while another man in white stands beside him .
A girl with brown hair sitting on a lawn chair .
The child is surrounded by bubbles while in the bathtub .
Two guys are playing music outside while people surround them .
A young boy crawls with a toddler .
A man in a red apron displays a gourmet plated entree .
A man feeding a horse wearing a blue strapped blanket .
Soap bubbles are blown in a square where people chase them
A man in a suit is playing bagpipes next to a young blond woman who has her abdomen exposed .
A police officers on a motorcycle pulls up behind a silver sedan .
A dog tries to catch a snowball in its mouth .
Two businessmen are talking with a woman in the background .
A man with a Texas flag stands in the snow by tents .
A man and a woman is walking hand in hand while looking at the surroundings .
A toddler is riding a fake horse in a park .
A young man is swimming in a swimming pool .
A boy with no shirt and a volleyball in his hand .
A group of school children walk up a country path in autumn .
Young girl playing with chocolate milk powder .
A man wearing only a cowboy hat , cowboy boots , and underwear talks to a woman on a city street .
The man is looking out over a placid lake .
A young man writing down answers or perhaps taking notes in a classroom .
A group of men is riding on the back of a garbage truck .
A man in a green shirt and white shorts is making pancakes for breakfast .
A group of women walking through an arched hallway .
A pair of adults stand outside with a young child who has an old-fashioned tricycle .
A boy is attempting to climb an iron fence .
a small boy wearing a blue shirt pulling an item from a magicians hat .
A lady in taken top licking chocolate pudding .
A boy is fixing the wheel of his bike .
An man in a blue shirt sits atop a horse drawn cart filled with hay .
Five men at a restaurant posing for a picture .
Two women in white dresses walk past an advertisement with two golfers on it .
A woman is walking past an artificial waterfall .
A group of kids in red and white playing soccer .
a brown dog is jumping up at a woman who is wearing a brown skirt .
A dog is resting in a grassy field
At a rodeo , a cowboy desperately tries to hang on to a bull .
One women is paying for a purchase while two other women look at magazines .
A dog runs through muddy water .
The people are having fun at the Carnival .
Two people wearing torch hats making jokes while they wait .
A woman wearing a coat is hugging a wooden robot .
A woman with red-hair is sitting in a laundromat , looking at the photographer .
An african american lady holding numerous items like cups , plate , baskets , etc.
Man carries empty Coke bottles on his head across dirt road .
A long outdoor walkway with graffiti on the walls and people walking .
A group of people , scattered along a beach , relaxing .
A man plays a shooting game at an arcade as another man and a woman watch .
A little boy trying to put together a floor puzzle of the Unites States .
Two men are playing football , and one of them has slipped .
A boy is doing a skateboard trick on the boardwalk .
A woman on a cellphone walks past some motorbikes and bicycles .
Two women with dark hair , one in a yellow hat , walk past a garage door .
A man in a brown trench coat carrying a guitar case .
A woman wearing antiquated clothing including many pearls .
A man and woman sit on a car and watch the road .
A car is sinking underwater in a lake or river .
Three women are riding together on a subway .
Two young children are throwing hay .
Five people standing in front of a body of water .
A man in a gray shirt is on a boat with a flag .
A little boy with brown hair putting his legs in a pair of jeans .
Onlookers question the bus driver after a man on a bike is hit .
A young girl in a red dress walking down a forest path with a deer trailing behind her .
A group of people are dressed up in costumes in the woods .
A female playing a guitar with a pink purse .
A mother and child are playing a game where the child is a cashier and the mother is a customer .
Some construction workers stop traffic while they do roadwork .
A man wearing a red shirt stand behind a display of donuts .
Two ladies play the violin and the guitar on the street to entertain the passer byes .
A man 's hands holding a piece of metal on a grinding wheel .
A middle-aged women holds a big blue shopping bag while smoking a cigarette .
Two men with tool belts are fastening a sign to a building .
A man and a woman smiling for the camera .
A group of people are attending a conference .
Four people wearing chains standing in a glass box .
Two men are pushing a truck that has a picture of a woman on it .
A man wearing a white cap standing a platform .
A man in a hat with a green scooter is standing by the water in a park .
A man rides a motorcycle with the number 5 on it .
A girl playing her guitar in her bedroom .
Two men are in a band ; one is playing the guitar and another is singing .
A little girl is watching a man play guitar on the street .
Two entertainers are performing under red lights .
A woman in a blue shirt and black pants walks down a road .
Two street artists are performing on steps for a group of spectators .
A choir is standing up on a podium singing a song .
A man conducts a choir in a cathedral .
A mid sized mixed gender choir sings while the director motions to keep beat .
A white dog with black spots jumps over a stream .
A construction worker crouched and working on a busy street wearing a bright vest .
A person is sitting on a wall beside the beach .
A man is swimming with a little boy who is wearing a life jacket .
This is baby , dressed in blue , standing barefoot on a stone .
A child with red pants on and green shoes is playing in the street .
A brown dog is walking on the grass beside a fence .
A little girl is posing on some pumpkins within an area surrounded by flowers .
Soldiers march in their olive drab uniforms carrying weapons from the WWII era .
Two men jumping on a rock wall
A woman and a man enjoying his drink on party night .
A man yields a slow sign at a docking area .
A black and white dog prepares to catch a Frisbee .
A dog catching a tennis ball at sunset in a yard .
The two soccer players were focused on the game .
A Celtic marching bands performs on field during a soccer match .
Men standing in a sand covered park , in front of a big white house .
Two men wearing black shirts have a conversation near a video camera .
Three men in an auditorium prepare to tape something .
These people are demonstrating for their leader .
My first night at the comedy club was scary .
Two Asian males smile while celebrating a birthday with a layered chocolate cake with a sparkling candle .
A man in a green hat is bent over his DJ equipment plugging in a microphone
A man is holding a standing woman 's foot with both his hands .
Three woman in skirts stand outside the PARC DE STATIONNEMENT DOTRE DAME
A girl with short hair and a white shirt is holding a beer bottle
While outside , two men are reading instructions on how to put a cooking grill together .
Two men grilling outside on a half mowed lawn .
Three happy young men are in the outdoors waiting for their grilled food to be ready .
A small street with a few people walking down it .
A child climbing a tree wearing a purple hat with a little boy in the foreground .
A girl in pink stands in front of a Mud coffee truck .
A young girl with goggles is floating in the pool .
A old man and a young boy bend down to look at a motorcycle .
Some people and vehicles on a crowded street .
A man in an orange safety vest helps a child and a woman onto the front of a train .
Three people sitting in lawn chairs , as three people look on in the background .
A man standing before a gate inside a hill .
A man and a blond woman whisper to each other in a bar .
Three children are sitting around a table reading books .
A boy is combing his hair using the car windows as a mirror .
Children participate in a game of tug-of-war .
Three teenagers in a subway playing around .
A group of people seated in a line of seats at an event .
Two people seem to be planting seeds on a farm .
A crowded day with many skiers and snowboarders on the slopes .
A line of people are making their way through snow covered mountains .
a boy is helping a little girl put on her goggles
A man in a plaza stares at a woman with see through pants .
A young baseball player leans in to catch the ball with his gloved right hand .
A man in a blue cap is playing a guitar while a young girl sits on a stool across from him and listens .
In the beach a woman is balancing a basket of shells on her head .
A dog sniffs a newly cut tree trunk .
A brown dog is panting hard on grass during a sunny day .
Two furry dogs make snarly faces as they play together .
Ethnic people visiting picking fresh food to buy .
A woman jogs along a beach in a sports bra .
Three young bridesmaids gather for talk and a few laughs .
A black and white dog jumps through a black and white hoop .
People sitting in the grass outside a building , taking a break .
A shirtless man and three women walk outside near a street cafe .
Man sitting on a bench drink from a mug surrounded by rugs .
A man with long brown hair , wearing all black , and a fanny pack , walks down a road .
Motorcyclist crouches low as he rounds a turn .
A man holds a sign in front of a group of people on a cloudy day .
A man is scalling a sheer rock face with a rope support .
people surrounded around a campfire while one guy is stoking the fire
A motorcyclist is driving down a road on their motorbike .
Two young men are loading fruit unto a bicycle .
Three young men stand in a dusty courtyard of a white building in a foreign country .
The iguanas wrestled along the rocky water bank .
A young man getting ready to hit a can with a orange and purple bat .
Ralley cars muscle for position on a dirt track .
A man with a tattooed arm in a yellow shirt wearing a motorcycle helmet .
A man in a leather coat is walking down a brick sidewalk next to a woman wearing a colorful blue dress .
Four people are sitting behind a table full of food .
A firefighter sprays piles of burning debris with a hose .
A dog is running down a ramp .
Men on a work site are looking at something to their right .
A crowd of people a going up and down a stairway .
Two guys acting goofy while they drink beer and pose for a camera .
A man with an angry expression is drinking a large glass of beer .
a lone climber wearing a white helmet climbing a wall .
A man prepares to drill a hole in a pumpkin .
A thrill seeking bungee jumper is being filmed as he ascends the tower .
Man with a camera crew getting ready to descend from a high place .
A woman getting her hands dirty while working with homemade pottery .
A man stands near a Christian sign , as a public train passes behind him .
A yellow lab jumping up to catch a toy .
Young adults have barbecue in the park .
A muscular African-american man pan-handling using paint buckets as a musical instrument .
A man with a beard holds a large , black-bound book .
A man in a heavy coat fishes from a concrete platform .
A man and a woman are looking at the view on a stairway by the sea .
Baby wearing an orange shirt and matching headband with a wide smile .
A man in a baseball cap plays electric guitar .
A man and woman sitting on a ledge in a close embrace in front of two motorcycle helmets .
An older women and child walking in the rain holding and umbrella .
A little boy wearing a backpack jumps off a ledge and onto the ground .
A smiling man in a white shirt is grilling on an open grill .
A dog looks at another dog catching a ball in the air
A black dog jumps to catch a ball in his mouth near a rock wall .
A man is reading a newspaper on a train .
A dog , lying down , tethered to the side mirror of a yellow VW bus .
Two men sitting on a bench between two trees overlooking an Autumn landscape .
A child is hitting a soccer ball with their chest .
A woman with a purple shirt painting another woman on a wall .
A man is intently observing a slide through a microscope .
Two children in their pajamas one has a mask and hairnet like a surgical nurse and is standing over the older child who is laying down on the wood floor .
A woman working on a painting of a young woman on a wall with tan skin .
A baby in winter clothes is sitting on a stroller in the sidewalk .
A toddler in a pink shirt in a bucket swing .
Two men standing in front of fountain while other people sit on the grass
Several people are eating a meal outdoors at a restaurant .
Two men , both wearing black shirts are clearing out a yard .
A man in a red coat is driving a vehicle .
A woman and her two dogs are walking down the street .
A group of children in a field .
A man on stilts in a purple , yellow and white costume .
A man in a gray shirt with glasses around his neck is weaving .
A small dog and a large dog carrying a stick in its mouth run outside .
A street performer hula-hoops while singing in attempt to earn money from passer-bys .
A man , wearing a green coat and tan tuque , sorts through a crate of tomatoes .
Two dogs are running through the surf .
A dog is running through a field away from a person .
A young woman waits on a busy street at night .
Many people are walking or standing on a busy city sidewalk .
A group of people standing around two men sitting wearing turbans .
Two volleyball girls team both jumping for a double high-five
A goalie attempts to block a puck hit by a player at an ice hockey game .
A girl in a pink shirt is riding a bicycle in traffic .
A woman seated at a table is knitting and watching a hockey game on tv .
A woman sitting at a counter is looking up .
Two men having fun and making faces in a cafeteria .
Two people who look bored are sitting on a train or bus .
An old man on a bicycle riding along a wooded country road with sun filtering through the treetops .
A small group of team members work together in the office to complete their task .
Asian man in suit and glasses takes a nap by the doors in a subway .
A boy in a blue , yellow , and orange shirt plays outside .
A group is gathered outside holding flowers .
A bicyclist in a helmet and a man in a business suit both talk on cellphones near a fountain .
Carnivals are especially when visiting other countries .
People gathering for a reform movement that was to be hosted by chief reforms leader .
A long line of camels , each carrying people pass a sign in a desert area .
A married couple is sitting in a vehicle .
Two motorcycles parked in one parking space .
A girl goes down a blue and yellow slide at a park .
Men in neon orange jumpers cleaning up trash .
A man in a security outfit smiles as a crowd gathers around him .
a little league baseball pitcher in a red shirt .
An overhead view of two girls riding on bike .
A woman in a dress carrying a child in her arms .
A man in uniform tries to find something with the help of a sniffing dog .
The Army also trained their man and also the man best friend .
A man in black shirt is taking pictures in a big crowd .
A couple walks with others for Race for the Cure .
Hundreds of people are participating in the Race for the Cure .
A large group of people are walking for a cause .
A fisherman sits and prepares in front of a blue tarp .
A group of people are riding on a John Deere tractor in a field .
A group of teenagers and children with backpacks congregates in the grass under a tree .
Families in a restaurant look out at Thomas the Train .
A man posing with a child in front of a train .
A woman waves out the window of a train while a child peers out the window .
A lot of people are walking near a train .
A woman pushing two children are walking beside a large train .
Three women sitting and talking in a tiled area under a sign Jane .
A woman walks along a street as she looks to a window display of a mannequin in a red dress .
It is relaxing to sit under a tree on a nice day and sketch your surroundings .
2 men painting a wooden bench outside .
Two nurses sitting on a bench waiting for a bus .
Two men are standing by a red door .
a man is smoothing concrete inside a building wearing jeans and a wife-beater .
A man in a blue shirt emerges from a doorway .
A snorkeler is under the water taking a picture .
The three dogs are standing in tall grass .
Black dog , orange dog and black and white dog , on grass .
Many people crowded on some sort of public transportation .
A person in a red jacket stands under a snow-covered tree .
A smiling child in a hat and sweatshirt at the beach .
A man in a gray shirt is drilling into a silver can .
A dog walks across the rocky ground .
A gathering of people sit around a table and play cards .
A man in blue shorts and a t-shirt is slicing tomatoes on a dining table .
A group of boys walk down the street carrying produce .
Crouching Man in all white shirt and pants is working with a large loom .
A person picks up things in a rocky spot next to a car .
A woman and a girl are sitting on a tile floor behind a wooden rack for weaving .
Two people stand on the rocks above the water and look at something .
A boy kicking a soccer ball and other kids waiting in line .
Four older people are sitting on a bench .
Young white male preparing food on the stove top .
Man in white shirt and tan pants is putting new shingles on roof .
Construction workers in neon yellow vests work on a sidewalk .
A man in a yellow shirt is pushing a cart with items on it .
guy wakeboarding one handed and smiling
A guy waterskiing behind a boat .
A man in swim trunks and a red life vest jet skiing .
Boy in red vest and blue and white trunks on wakeboard .
A little boy laughs as he is tickled .
Three young adults with two bikes and a guitar walk away from a large building .
Two children playing a game of checkers with toys in the background .
Men are standing next to a pallet of goods near a boat .
A woman with red-hair tosses rocks in the ocean .
A man is fishing in a foggy lake .
Woman wearing black snow gear walking down a snow covered slope .
A man sitting on the beach playing his guitar .
A man gets ready to throw a stick for his waiting dog .
a cut little boy , looks like he is bagging up veg and fruit .
a black dog runs through the water .
A man wearing a striped shirt and a woman wearing a red shirt sit at a bar .
Group of participants walk behind float in Asian parade .
The couple eat their meal outside .
A construction worker drilling a whole in the top of a concrete wall .
A couple stands at the top of the stairs and two people stand at the bottom .
A man standing in a truck next to a big green metal box and two men standing below him .
A man in a red shirt plays his guitar while looking down .
Traffic officer telling car where to turn .
A young man is singing into a microphone .
A man wearing a gray sweater and striped hat stands in front of a mosaic monument .
Two women float in a Busch Gardens barrel through a winding water ride .
A woman appears to be taking a break from riding her bike .
Two men are waiting on the street corner though it is raining .
Two men in black coats stand by the side of a building .
A bearded man in a red shirt playing guitar on a stage .
Families waiting in line at an amusement park for their turn to ride .
A man pushing a baby on a child sized train in a park .
A man holding up a radio while walking along the sidewalk .
A young girl in a pink swimsuit holds onto a swimming pool railing .
A crowd gathers in a set of stands adjacent to a field .
An Indonesian child selling his wares on the street .
Man in yellow shirt and woman in white shirt eating together .
A man in a yellow shirt is sawing some plywood .
Two women are sitting outside at a table .
Man in a black shirt holding a white pan of cooked food with a smile on his face .
A couple is sitting in front of a house and the woman is weaving .
A man dressed in martial arts clothing is breaking a piece of wood with his foot as other students watch .
A baby is sitting on a floor and holding a vacuum cleaner hose .
A man and woman are washing dirty dishes inside a kitchen .
A man wearing a microphone and a blue and yellow hat , has something green in his hand .
A woman is holding a cup and making a sketch on a wall .
A couple embraces as they depart from their date .
a small child in a pink shirt running through a flowery field .
A white and brown dog sit on a stone ledge as people take pictures .
A brown dog with a black collar stands next to a bush .
A street performer plays the acoustic guitar .
A man in a blue shirt and a woman in a dress having a conversation while drinking .
Two people are carrying a basket filled with food down the alleyway .
A man in a blue shirt sits on a blue blanket with a snake crawling under his leg .
construction workers fixing railroad track .
A man working on a train track .
Picture of a hotdog vendor in the street .
A woman is smiling as she plays around with another woman .
A group of workers working on a train track .
A woman wearing a hat and a woman wearing sandals looking to the left of them on a busy street .
A mother is holding her baby in the kitchen .
A brown and white dog running off of an obstacle .
A young boy in a orange shirt watching something .
A young Tibetan boy sitting at a low table with a book .
Two men having an intense discussion over drinks .
Two young girls are talking to each other .
An old woman taking a nap in a colorful flower shop .
A large group of people of various ages and genders sit outside together .
A man in a red shirt and blue hat making a sand sculpture .
The boys are having a night out from homework ; some are at the table while two are sleeping .
A man in a wheelchair sits in his garden and enjoys the fresh air .
Young shirtless boy sleeping on a couch with his hand on his chest .
A bunch of people sit in the shade of a cement awning .
A group of people riding the subway both sitting and standing .
Man in black with one foot on top of a ladder and arms performing a task on a storefront .
A man is sitting on the ground welding something .
A tan and white dog retrieving a ball on a gravel path .
The person is posing in a red flannel shirt with a Mohawk .
An older man is walking along the street in front of a woman .
An older woman in a one-piece swimsuit is protesting in the street .
A woman and a small child laying in bed .
A man in a red soccer jersey plays the drums with his hands .
two soccer team on a soccer field with the referee .
Three boys playing soccer in a field
A man in a gray t-shirt and light blue jeans on a sidewalk , with a man in a white shirt and black shorts clapping in the background .
A young boy in a red shirt is running down the street .
A black and white dog plays in the water .
A child is riding a plastic horse at an amusement park .
A man with glasses and gray hair is reading a card in front of two tuba players .
Onlookers watch a German Shepherd climb steps on an obstacle course .
A woman sitting on a bench looking at something in her lap .
A man is bowling using empty spray cans as pins in front of a wall covered in graffiti .
A woman in a dark blue T-shirt is weaving a striped piece of material .
An antelope runs through tall brown grass .
A woman gives the 'thumbs up ' before her legs are amputated .
Man is playing his guitar in the street .
Two men in tuxedos and a girl in a black formal dress share drinks together .
Two men , one holding the other upside down in front of a building .
Two women walking down the street
A man with an eye mask is taking a nap on the grass .
A toddler in blue clothes is balancing on a rock .
The dogs are in the field playing .
Three street musicians are playing in front of pink building .
Cheerleaders have made three people pyramids .
A number of identically costumed women dance outdoors before an audience .
A man in blue carries home a rabbit likely caught while hunting .
A man wearing a yellow shirt standing near some refuse .
A balding , white man is standing outside with his hand in the air .
A man is wearing blue jeans standing on a bridge pointing .
Competitive swimmer does backstroke during competition .
A man in a pin striped suit is laughing with another man .
Two men sit on a balcony overlooking the street and buildings below .
A woman in a bikini is talking to a regularly dressed man on a bridge
A woman in a swimsuit walks along the street next to three trees .
A crowd of people of different ages at a food stand .
The lady ask the dog to give her the ball on their beach walk .
Two children in a toy car , in front of a gas station .
Three young boys playing in the woods .
Woman in a black outfit standing outside at a train station .
Two ladies are crossing a street right in front of a restaurant .
A man white water rafting down a very strong current
A man in a white shirt and black pants poses in front of a large banner .
Kids with colorful clothes on are playing .
Three kids playing with a brown pony .
The dog is laying on the ground next to the little girl with the red bike .
A little girl is looking over someones shoulder .
A group of men wearing yellow kilts are standing in a circle .
A man in camouflage pants sits next to machinery .
Three men in military uniforms and one man in a shirt that says " Canada " are cutting a ribbon .
A man gets his picture snapped while explaining about his recent computer purchase .
People sitting down and waiting at a subway or train terminal .
trick or treaters are sitting on the side of a porch .
A little girl is riding a toy tricycle on springs .
A girl is taking pictures in front of a music store .
A man in an orange shit has 2 poodles on leashes .
A young girl wearing a dress is hula hooping in the grass .
Woman being pulled on a large tricycle by several sled dogs .
A man plays steel drums near the water as people pass by .
A man with inflatable hammers and other inflatable goods .
A man sits on the floor and plays a flute while three people talk .
A woman building a sand castle while at the beach .
Four people are outside on the porch .
A man crouching outside a house while two other people look on .
Two children are climbing stairs which lead to an airplane .
Three hockey players struggle with the puck in front of the goal .
Four shirtless men hike up a canyon .
A woman assists a marathon runner by holding an umbrella over her and giving her water .
A woman and young blond child standing in front of a mirror .
A woman wearing a pink sweater is burning incense .
A blond-haired woman is pouring drinks at a bar .
A boy wearing navy blue slides down a gray slide .
A little boy in a light blue shirt playing outside with a toy crocodile .
A man holds on to a handle in the water .
A man wearing a black shirt is holding a blond-hair baby .
A little boy on a beach runs towards the water .
During the election party not all the guest attending are happy .
An orange cat with black stripes on a beach .
A group of children play ball in an outdoor courtyard .
A crowd enjoying a beautiful day at a park possibly on a famous holiday .
A red dog jumps to catch a tennis ball in the dry tall grass .
A group of people standing in public transportation .
A man and a woman play with a child on a large staircase while passersby walk by .
A group of people gather around a large fountain .
Wet girl in yellow swimsuit looks over cliff to a swimmer in the water .
A brown dog is running towards three other dogs .
A man is watching a younger man shave with an electric razor .
The building is undergoing a construction project .
Two men stand in front of a bulldozer , in the middle of the street .
A girl with bright red-hair and black clothes is posing on a tree trunk .
A young man in a white tank top views a laptop on a stone bench .
The black and tan dog is on a rug , tugging on a slipper .
Two little girls in matching dresses pose with two little boys in matching outfits .
A teppanyaki chef prepares dinner for restaurant guests .
A young child and a woman are standing around a caged rooster .
Guy in black shirt and jeans jumping with wood pieces in front of a building called STOMP
Two young boys playing , with the younger boy sitting and smiling .
Three men are playing a game on the side of a road .
Woman getting her hair styled and cut .
The lady in the black shirt is fixing the other lady 's hair .
A person in a red shirt is getting a haircut .
A young female firefighter stands in front of a crowd .
An man with short hair and glasses paints a wall .
A picture of people walking in the street in front of shops .
Two guys walking , one carrying a skateboard
Blond child sitting in a chair in front of an old typewriter .
Man getting his haircut while looking with a strange expression at a blow drier .
A man in the subway waits with his wet umbrella for the next train .
A woman uses a skimmer to clean an outdoor swimming pool .
A young boy showing off while walking his white dog in a neighborhood .
A young boy spins a merry-go-round , barefoot at the park .
A blond woman wearing sunglasses and dice earrings smiles .
Several people are sitting around a fire at night .
Men in bright orange vests use tools in front of a street .
Two men , both in t-shirts , kayaking along a river bed surrounded by trees .
A man in the red shirt tried to hang onto the rock while three others watched .
A yellow dog swims towards a waterfall .
Two people standing in tree on a sunny day
A groom is standing next to his bride in a white horse drawn carriage .
A girl jumping from one rock to another in a creek .
A black and white dog stands on its hind legs .
a group of children sitting on the floor at a dance class .
Three women are playing softball , one of them is running the bases and two are playing defense .
The little girl swings in the backyard .
Kids play in the water in the middle of the street .
A young child with pigtails is raising her hands upwards .
Dogs straining on leashes towards each other , as owners walk apart on grass .
A young child that has a monarch butterfly resting on his finger .
A woman sitting on a grassy hill hitting a tennis ball with a racket .
The Kiss-costumed adults are pushing the strollers of the Kiss-costumed kids .
A man , with a machete clinging to his side , climbs a tree .
Person with striped shirt is playing in the sprinklers .
Men are sitting on steps and a young woman is walking by .
Black dog climbs over fallen logs or boards .
a boy dressed as a pirate smiles largley .
A tan dog is running along side another dog outside
a blond man jumping through the air over the ocean
Four young men on a dock , two standing , two sitting , with one playing a guitar .
At Halloween , this little spiderman waits to get some candy .
Two young boys playing in public outside of a construction site .
A group of people are standing on a cliff in the mountains .
There is a man with a white cap on and he is also sweeping the floor .
three white males are walking down the street carrying veterans flags .
A man with a beard rides in the bed of a trunk decorated in American flags .
A person dressed like a devil is trying to scare a woman .
Two ladies at a table with a red cloth playing the card game Poker .
The two friends are laughing and having a good time .
A woman sits on a bed and clasps her hands to her face .
A busy beach has people scattered on it watching the sky .
Two black dogs jump into a blue swimming pool .
A man that is wearing a gray military shirt with medals and a light blue cap with gold on it is waving his arm .
a man sitting at a table with a scary mask covering his face
A man is barbecuing hotdogs and hamburger patties on a large grill .
A man with a purple tie is singing into a microphone .
A woman is walking with her cellphone , while carrying a huge mannequin .
A small blond girl with a red balloon is standing in the opening of a wooden building .
A man in a parade is waving to the crown from an old fashioned Ford fire engine .
A man in a white shirt and suspenders is holding a gun and smiling .
Woman in red bandanna and yellow shorts walking past bright blue house .
A young women , dressed in a dark blue dance costume is participating in a cheer competition .
A woman in a ' devil ' outfit standing in front of a fountain .
The staff of a DHL pose outside of the building for a group photo .
Three people are walking down a dirt road in the country .
A waitress talking with a man at an outside cafe .
School children walking home after a rainstorm .
A clown standing in front of a crowd along a street .
Two people raise their arms on a snowy hill in the mountains .
An Israeli child is behind the counter at stand that vends nuts and cigarettes .
A man is sitting at a laptop , while two men ( one sitting , one standing up ) face each other in the background .
A dog with a reflective harness looks at the camera .
A person wearing a paddy hat carries a load in the traditional way .
A woman with black hair and a striped shirt , painting a picture of a castle .
Four sports fans walking together with garbage bags on their heads that read C U B S .
A martial arts student attempts to deliver a kick to his sparring partner as fellow students look on .
Multiple people carry a sesame street float through the streets for a parade .
Four people are kneeling down in a room .
A cat sits on a piano behind open sheet music and a glass lamp that is on .
A young gentleman in a black and white suit and red bowtie is singing along with a choir .
American soldiers play in a marching band with drums labeled Fort Lewis , Washington .
Two men with backpacks hiking by a large tree .
A little girl in a white sweater and hat smiles beside an outdoor fireplace .
A man in a white shirt cutting a cake while coworkers watch .
A person in a brown jacket is riding a bike wearing blue jeans also .
The guy is wearing a red and black outfit with a matching mask .
The man is playing with his Star Wars light sword .
A male worker with his tool box is kneeling next to two women .
A woman in a red hat and dress sits alone on a park bench .
A man in a white button down shirt is laughing .
A woman with a hat walking with a middle-aged man .
A woman sings into a microphone with a guitar player in the background .
A man on a lime green motorcycle , near a busy marketplace .
Boy with sports jersey getting teeth examined .
Two men sitting on a couch in a room .
A lady and a man kneeling down holding a string while another lady looks at them .
A man appears to be cutting a cake platter while others are by his side .
A man is a black suit is talking on the phone in a room .
Young family relaxing on rocks outside of their mobile home .
A man with a tattoo holding a mop near a video game store .
A baseball player is about to catch the ball while a man watches .
A group of people watching a fireworks show .
A man in a brown suit , seen from above , stands with his hands clasped behind his back
A man on a baseball field talking to a little girl in a pink plaid skirt .
A man is sleeping while sitting on a bucket next to two fishing poles .
A person standing on some black rocks looking over a fence .
A woman in a maroon dress pulling the arm of a man wearing a maroon shirt who is lying on the ground .
A woman wearing a brown shirt looking through the lens of a microscope in a laboratory .
Five people , wearing dark blue shirts , give a presentation outdoors .
A little blond boy is buried up to his neck in the sand .
An Asian women whipping her hand in front of three other women .
A young girl with paint on her hands and her face paints a picture .
A middle-aged man talking to his daughter and playing with his grandchild .
Woman with a yellow hat and yellow shirt speaking .
At the sunny beach two boys carry a third boy by the hands and feet
A gray-haired man is sitting down with his arm stretched out .
A group of young men is buried up to their chest in sand .
Woman and child walking on a path covered in leaves , while two people on horses come towards them .
People walk by the construction that is occurring in a city .
Two men wearing tan are running outside on the boardwalk .
A man in black standing net to a green table with buttons .
A young man in a tie , pushing his bike .
Two airline passengers : a young man wearing black and a young woman in green .
Three men in hard hats work in a pile of concrete .
A woman with a helmet and climbing rope smiles at the camera .
Crowd watches couples dance at an outdoor event .
A man and two young children play music for a group of onlookers .
Three guys are sitting around a stand with two beers on it .
A man drives a green jeep over a few jagged rocks .
A person wearing a pink jacket who has lots of makeup on walks down a street .
The white dog has a gray Frisbee in its mouth .
A crowd gathers at a huge monumental building .
a young man wearing gray pants and backpack with long brown hair
Blond headed woman modeling for a photo with black sunglasses .
A girl in a bikini top stands in front of a beautiful view .
A group of bikers riding through the woods
a child in a white karate outfit practicing a move
Two little boys , from the waist up , in a martial arts match , one delivering a punch and the other blocking .
Two sets of children are practicing martial arts while a crowd watches behind them .
A young pregnant woman and an older man sitting at a table together .
A man wearing red pants about to reach the ground .
Five children , 3 boys and 2 girls playing soccer in a grass field .
A boy in an all blue uniform kicks a blue soccer ball in a grassy area .
A group of people are walking through a dimly lit hall carrying crosses .
Young boy in a red swimsuit jumps in excitement at the beach .
Two young boys sitting backwards on wooden chairs outside .
A man in red shorts swinging on a rope over a lake .
A man is rope-swinging off a tree into a lake .
People are walking as a crowd is at a sporting event .
A group of volunteers working with children to do a toy drive outside of a toys r us for children in need .
A lady stands on a balcony taking pictures .
A small boy in a bathing suit walks over a drain grid while water is sprinkled on him .
A man is playing a guitar and is sweaty .
A group of people digging a large hole .
People are standing or walking near railroad tracks .
A man without a helmet is riding a red bike .
A man is greeting a child in front of a barber shop .
There are four people in a kayak riding along a body of water .
Three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels .
A man in a neon vest works while smoking a cigarette .
A man in heavy windbreaker clothing walking through a field .
Three men wearing safety vests examine a field .
fireman maybe done with extinguishing a wild fire .
A man drives a piece of farm equipment in a field .
Three men in reflective vests doing yard work in a field .
Three kids lean into the water edge wearing bright pants .
Girls are trying to hit the ball during a volleyball game .
Two dogs carrying a red toy in their mouths and running in water .
Two men look down from the side of a building .
A man pans rocks in a button-down shirt and long shorts .
Two people are kneeling in two holes next to a couple of pails .
A man is smoothing freshly poured cement over a patio .
An older Asian man stands next to a large tub of rice .
An old woman sitting on the ground next to two pails .
A man in a black shirt is playing percussion on a set of empty five gallon buckets .
A woman sits near an entrance with flowers in her hands .
This is a multiracial conversation between men walking in a warm climate .
A man behind a counter looks on as two men on the other side of the counter fill out forms .
A group of people are cheering for a live music performance .
A man stands beneath a big bell between two pillars , another person sits to the side .
A baby with a pink hat , held by a man in red and a woman in pink .
A man in a suit is reading a newspaper while waiting for a bus .
A woman with a backpack sitting on a bench reading a magazine .
a little girl wearing a dress is crying
A bunch of men in white shirts are standing a circle .
A black laborador with a ball in his mouth coming out of the surf
A man and a woman wear mickey mouse ears at an event .
Boy in a black shirt standing in front of an advertisement .
Two young men talk together on an outdoor sidewalk on a dark night .
A black man in a blue & white shirt staring at the camera .
Woman stands against wall filled with old advertisements wearing a short white shirt with jean jacket and skirt .
Several people are waiting in a metro station .
Girls with long dark hair sitting on the floor .
A woman in a blue shirt and skirt stands next to a maroon car .
A group of people walk through a crowded outdoor market .
Two men in white hard hats are standing beside a graffiti-covered wall .
A male drummer and a female singer at a performance .
A man in a tuxedo pretending to play a tennis racket like a guitar .
A woman in a white hijab digs into the ground .
A man picking up rocks along the beach .
A woman listening to earbuds while interacting with a man .
A man in a black shirt selling fruit at the market .
Women dancing on a stage while wearing a blue dress .
A man wearing a blue sweater and collared undershirt is playing the board game Risk
A young woman performs a balance beam routine in front of spectators .
A group of people are standing in front of a train .
A crowd of people are walking past an old archway .
Two young men stand side-by-side wearing suspenders , bandannas and caps .
A man wearing suspenders poses outside .
People at a marketplace selling watermelons .
A female is sitting on the ground while twirling fire .
Two girls in bathing suits stand under a water fountain .
A dog with floppy ears runs in a forest in the fall .
This is young man dressed in a yellow , black and red jacket
A black dog and a white dog are wrestling on the ground .
A woman wearing goggles is using a blowtorch .
A man wearing a red shirt is climbing up the rock wall .
A boy does a cartwheel on a rock cliff .
A man drinking out of a Stella ARtois beer can .
A woman is walking across the street eating a banana , while a man is following with his briefcase .
A group of people are taking a fun train ride .
A woman is stirring the contents of a cooking pot .
A man in a green machine is cleaning a pump in front of the Drake hotel .
A medium sized dog sniffing in a forest
Four laughing women sitting around a dining table .
A man in a hat standing outside of his green jeep rangler .
Three women are sitting down in an amphitheater .
White lounge chairs are lined up at a resort for sunbathers .
the man is pushing a cart full of art .
A woman in a green vest tries to capture a picture of the horse .
A little blond boy and a young woman in jeans walk through a plaza .
A man is helping a girl sit on a large bicycle .
A man and a little girl are sitting on a sidewalk near a blue bag eating .
A man is feeding a child food while sitting near a building with onlookers .
A younger woman and older man run on treadmills .
A young black man shouts into a microphone while a young white man shouts back .
A woman in a pink coat shields her eyes from the sun .
A mixed race crowd of people walking down a street in a city .
Two pedestrians walk past a construction site surrounded by orange mesh .
Two young girls lay in a bed with two small dogs .
A man and a woman are posing for a photo beside a rack of clothes .
A mountain climber follows the edge of the mountain .
Two women wearing what appears to be airline stewardess attire and sunglasses waving inside a building .
Many youth are gathered in a computer lab working at computers while wearing headphones .
A man is standing in front of Prince St Cafe and Catering .
Small girl in red , white and black dress looks at large silver orbs .
Several children pet a pig while a crowd watches .
A dog performs acrobatic stunts on a platform .
an older woman in a Burberry coat , eating .
You , too,can achieve financial freedom after listening carefully to this presentation .
A girl with a backpack runs down the street .
Man is playing guitar and reading notes , woman with burgundy outfit stands beside him .
As I overlook the city I pick up my guitar because of the inspiration .
A young boy fights fatigue to chase down the soccer ball .
A man with glasses is reading a book while sitting in front of a piano .
A kid is crying because he got hurt while playing .
person in a boat with a paddle in hand
A dog has a wetsuit in his mouth on the beach .
A woman wearing black is hugging a child .
A woman mounts a ladder to paint the ceiling .
a white dog being led by a person on a bicycle
A woman in a bikini climbs rocks next to a rocky stream .
A teacher pointed out the Library details on the overhead projector screen .
Two women at an office looking at a computer screen .
A man in a green shirt holds out a clipboard for a woman in pink 's attention .
A police officer is monitoring a by stander while guarding a building .
Two hikers stopping to take a smoke break on the trail .
Two women in library the librarian assist the other women to help in her research .
A woman is typing at a computer while another woman stands over her and looks on .
Some children playing in a pit full of colorful balls
A grocery store clerk smiling in front of isles of product .
Two large dogs are playing in a large grassy area .
Young children and parents splashing around a public fountain .
A man is holding the hand of a woman in a white dress and smiling .
A happy , beautiful bride getting out of a luxury car .
A person biking on a road near a fence .
A group of people having a drink and conversation .
A baseball pitcher preparing to pitch a ball with a shot of the baseball crowd .
The guy with ripped jeans is singing and playing the guitar .
Man pushing shopping cart in a grocery store and shopping .
Four boys jumping into an inground pool .
A white dog jumps over a log outside .
A person plays with a mega joule contraption consisting of wire tracks and colored balls .
A hiker puts his feet in a stream while wearing brown shoes .
Two construction workers on top of a house building a roof .
A man dressed in white plays a keyboard as his band performs .
A man in a floppy hat and bright yellow shorts is standing in mud .
A man in a black shirt is at the microphone .
A man is walking down the sidewalk near construction work .
A red-haired woman talking on the phone while petting a brown and tan dog .
Young man in driveway holding small package .
A male child holding a ball standing on the sidewalk .
A street is barricaded by several police .
people sit in front of a shop window talking on a sunny day
A casual guy having a drink in a asian bar .
A black and white dog is playing in water .
The dogs fight over the red and pink ball .
A man in casual attire is giving a presentation .
A baby is sleeping with his hand on his face .
One man in a casual gray shirt and another man in a white collared shirt in an office .
The lady is playing miniature golf with beautiful flowers in the background .
A group of boys walking along a highway by a nearby school .
Two people on the side of the road , one is kneeling in the dirt .
A man in a green t-shirt watches another man typing on a computer keyboard .
Some men are sitting on a boat near a beach covered in stacked logs and sticks .
A boat with one sail is being steered in calm water .
A young man in a white shirt is carrying a large garbage bag .
A man in a sweatshirt places a garbage bag over a mailbox .
A man dressed in black is holding a black garbage bag and picking up items from a dirt lot .
A toddler in a highchair playing with spaghetti .
A man in turban and scarf , smokes as he squats among piles of what looks like straw .
Youth 's picking up trash along the side of the street .
A smiling girl in a striped shirt sits next to a boy in a car .
A man with a visor and blue top has thrown a Frisbee off into the distance .
Man prepares to throw frisbee in park .
A man is throwing a blue frisbee at a frisbee golf target .
A dark-haired boy carrying a large black trash bag over his shoulder .
Two men packaging donuts in plastic wrap .
Two people are throwing a black garbage back into a green dumpster .
Three people sit around a table with a laptop and food on it .
Two Asian girls hold a trash beg in front of a billboard .
Boy in black shirt holding up a piece of garbage outdoors .
A teenager in a gray sweatshirt is carrying a black trash bag next to a city street .
People taking a walk on a path in a shopping center .
A man wearing a green tank top and a white hat singing into a microphone .
A young man in a colorful costume sings into a microphone .
Two men are putting garbage into a green garbage container .
Men in colorful shirts show camaraderie after a bicycle race .
Young boy drifting in small canoe on a calm blue river .
A group of roughly 14 men and women works at a construction site in a residential area .
Construction workers in hard hats building a house .
Construction workers are working on a building .
Four children hover over a recipe for soup in a cooking competition .
Two boys with unicycles stand outside of a street shop .
A child shows other kids his still packaged toy .
A man in blue handles a fishing net on a boat .
A white man in blue and red striped shorts paints the bow of a sailboat .
A man holds his hands over his mouth in a swimming pool .
two well dressed men standing together in field
A man with shaggy blond-hair singing and playing a guitar .
A man and a girl are taking a walk together .
A young shirtless man drops into a half pipe at a local skate park .
The man wearing glasses is showing a wooden product .
Coeds sit on a stone picnic table and eat lunch in the courtyard .
A man picketing on the sidewalk wearing a suit with a briefcase by his feet .
People are rollerskating in a roller rink .
A guy wearing a red shirt and yellow hat is tasting some ice cream .
A woman carrying a purse and a bag with a baby in a backpack walking down a road .
A small boy picks up a rock from a river
A woman holds a cellphone up in to take a picture over a large crowd .
A man in a tie stands in an elevator shaft near a garage construction site .
A band sets up for practice in the basement .
Two men are using tools cutting into a green trailer .
Two men cutting into two cakes on a narrow table with a black tablecloth on it .
Four boys in red are playing with fallen leaves .
Two children playing on an orange jungle gym in the winter time .
Two men stand in front of a wall with spots .
A black and white dog shakes water off itself .
A girl in a black shirt is smiling as she works behind a bar .
A woman in a sundress walks a small dog on a city sidewalk .
A man is walking with a boy and holding his hand .
A boy plays in the water by a building .
A woman sits by the pool with a dog while another dog is nearby .
A man in a paper breathing mask is reading a book .
A woman getting licked in the face by her dog .
A woman winds up to throw a red bowling ball down the lane .
A man with a cigarette in his mouth is riding a motorcycle .
A group of students in uniform stand in front of the gate .
Two men in white shirts working in a old building .
A man is riding the bike without wearing his helmet .
Girls are getting off a buss holding merchandise and food .
A woman in a black tank top uses scissors to cut the sleeve of another person .
Baby drinking a glass of cold milk .
A man using a bulldozer on a construction site .
A man digging dirt with a Case machine .
A man in a hard hat is operating a digger .
A brown dog in a canoe looks out over still waters .
Three men in white are painting the railing of the pier blue .
A group of people gathered out on a deck .
People are having a conversation and a water bottle fell on the ground .
A boy wearing blue and green shorts is laying on the ground .
A tan and white dog standing near green plants .
A cowboy is bull-dogging a steer in a rodeo arena .
Elderly woman paying for hair conditioner and shampoo .
A woman leans over a rail to get a picture of flowers .
A person is rock climbing between two large rock faces .
A woman and man are next to each other blowing bubbles .
A group of men fighting at what looks to be a ranch .
The women is holding a picture of a child laying on the ground .
A man in a white coat cutting meat with a very sharp cleaver .
It looks like choir practice in an older ornate church .
A man is kicking fallen leaves on the street in a neighborhood .
A man is standing behind a podium , holding up his right arm in front of a lady holding a brochure .
Two children playing with a ball on the grass .
A little redheaded boy plays Whack Em !
A small black and tan dog on a leash .
A man shaves his neck but not his beard .
A woman is eating a salad in the stands at an arena event .
A couple trying to find their sets at a stadium .
A young boy and girl sit in a wagon eating corndogs .
Two people are sitting outside , as a group of people on bikes stand behind them and a woman pushing a stroller with a child in it stands beside them .
A young boy in a blue shirt stands next to a woman sitting on the ground .
A woman with a box of candy standing with a man who is holding some of the candy .
A few people standing in front of a stage with three female guitarists .
A woman in a beige skirt stands and watches a band made up of mostly women band members .
An older woman smiling , in a blue coat , with her dog .
A man showering in a home outdoor shower facility .
A man in a black shirt is throwing a child in a red shirt and jeans in the air .
A flustered woman in a white sweater is teased by her husband .
A man using a leaf blower in a garden .
People riding bicycles carry large plastic bags full of cans .
A group of people stands at a busy intersection of a city on a rainy day .
A man playing a plastic flute while a seagull looks on .
two people running on the shore of a beach
Little boy watching baby as brother gets a henna tattoo .
A man is standing inside a subway train with his mouth wide open .
A cook in a white chef 's jacket is preparing food on a plate in front of him .
A boy catches a fish in a small stream as a girl points .
A father is giving his child a haircut with scissors .
A girl dressed in a red uniform is hitting a softball with a bat while a catcher and home plate umpire look on .
Two swimmers move through pristine , bright blue waters with a bright blue skies overhead .
A gloved worker sets fresh food into the steam table of a buffet line .
Woman with black sunglasses looks down at something .
A man in a work uniform passing a tool to another person .
A group of men are seated around a table and eating .
a boxer punches a boxer in the face .
A boy is standing in a dimly lit alley .
Two young boys look out from behind a curtain .
A family of all ages sitting on the floor playing a board game .
A blue door opened and a woman peeking from the left side .
A woman is having her foot examined by another woman in a run-down building .
A man is spinning a little girl in the air above his head .
Two people are riding bicycles along a road .
Two adolescent girls try to fold up another while practicing cheerleading in the gym .
A man in khaki pants is standing on a trashcan and hugging a pole .
A group of people jump into a lake in unison .
Three dogs drinking water at a public spigot .
Four swimmers in the crystal blue ocean with yellow surfboards .
Men stand by one another wearing robes and college graduate hats .
A woman is swordfighting with an unseen opponent .
Social awkward girl looking outside a window onto the street outside .
A group of people stand in front of a rock formation .
A man in a blue shirt and red hat is looking at a torch .
Two boys are standing on sand next to an overturned chair .
Boy with a blue towel and white hat holding goggles and a snokel .
Two kids swim outside with goggles .
A little child eats ice cream while talking on the phone .
Greenbay football player is being handed a towel on the field .
A woman with a satchel is riding on a bike smiling .
Two dogs , one brown , one gray play while a person in jeans stand nearby .
A crew working at night with a large backhoe .
Two boys are harnessed to a tree and are swinging across a wire .
Three Asian women sit around a basket and smile .
Three people are sleeping on a floor next to a green laundry basket .
Shirtless man balancing on unfinished roof .
Men wearing sunglasses with their backs turned to the camera .
A boy wearing shorts and a watch kicks a soccer ball next to a picnic table .
A little boy in a blue shirt kicking a soccer ball around .
A man in a suit walks passed a set of doors .
A group of soldiers crouch over a fire pit with meat cooking on the grill .
Elder man is working on a project in his home workshop .
A young man is smoking a cigarette while holding a maroon guitar .
An elderly man is outside carrying plants .
Two male children are reading a colorful picture book in a bathroom .
Two men are talking on a stairway in a public place .
A man dressed in traditional Amish clothing is working with wood .
A couple watching a beautiful sunset on the sea side .
The young person in blue & black is standing in a cement tube .
Four men work on a scaffolding outside of a building .
Two men are approaching a gold colored statue of Gandhi .
Small , white dog jumping to catch red ring .
Two people on bikes wearing helmets riding on a track .
A woman sitting in a park , talking on a cellphone .
Three colorful hot air balloons are being inflated .
They are all getting their hot air balloons ready for the evening .
A boy with a basketballs glowers at the camera .
A boy dribbles a basketball in the gymnasium .
Little boy in denim runs through paved , Spanish-style yard area .
A group of people are hiking up an icy hillside .
Someone with a pink shirt and blue helmet climbing a rock wall .
Young hikers in climbing gear prepare to descend down a steep mountainside .
A person wearing a blue hard hat working with rope .
A woman is filling air up into an Incredible Hulk balloon .
a person in a parachute with a American flag attached to him .
A skydiver in a yellow parachute prepares for landing .
This is a little girl who just finished her science project .
A man in a red jumpsuit is landing with a parachute .
a photographer wearing green taking a picture .
Young children have fun while playing sack jumping in park .
A group of children have fun in sack race .
A young boy sleeps in his car seat .
A group of people admire a Lincoln car during a car show .
A bearded man in a white t-shirt is riding a motorcycle .
a man in a black shirt is rollerblading past a bench in the city .
A man and a lady cut up a fish as another man and woman watch .
Even these guys have out together a small orchestra for the parade .
The fishemen enjoy the warm day .
A girl falling off a yellow and blue water tube .
As one woman raises herself from a chair with her arms , another looks on and laughs .
A woman in a pink shirt and blue pants is sitting on exercise equipment .
Three people walk on a rainy night down a street in China .
A young man in shorts and work boots is crouching .
A bicycle is parked in front of a place of business .
A man is checking on crabs in a glass dish .
A child in medieval clothes points at something on a table .
A mother holds here baby on a sidewalk with her young daughter at her side .
A Dad and his boys are out as a family doing the family chores with their livestock .
A man barbecues meat outdoors with a forest in the background .
Three women of different ages in white dresses sitting in a dusty clearing in front of trees .
Three men are riding on public transportation .
Two women are standing close to each other wearing dark uniforms and white hats .
Two kids stand on a dirt mound near a bulldozer .
Five hikers are walking across a large open space towards a mountain .
They are helping young kids having good time .
A girl in a green jacket is kneeling taking a picture of another girl standing up .
A man with glasses and a white shirt playing a red guitar .
A man is diving off of a diving board into a pool of green water .
A small church choir sings for the congregation .
A man reads a newspaper while sitting on a wooden bench .
a couple wearing black vike helmets sitting on a bench together
Man in red safety jacket working on storage containers on a ladder .
Skimply clad cowgirl climbs over barbwire fence
Citizens enjoying a snowy day with reminder of summer in the background .
Young girl in purple and pink snowsuit makes a snow angel in the snow .
A white man in a collared shirt is applying shaving cream to his face while another man looks on .
A man in a black jacket looking at a window with coffee pots
Two brown dogs cavort together near a tree .
Construction is paused after steamroller flattens the ground .
Someone is doing a handstand on the top of an outdoor sculpture .
The boy is wearing a cardboard scuba mask at the restaurant .
several boys playing flag football in blue and white uniforms
Many people wearing blue jackets are marching down a street .
A ceremonial parade being held is passing over a street corner by the bay .
A man with glasses is affixing tiles to a bare wall .
Two young men laying tile in a bathroom .
A group of people gather on the street for a celebration .
Man trying to talk to the driver of truck through the passenger window .
Four Asian people are canoeing in three canoes .
Two boats , one loaded with people , are getting ready to launch into a muddy river .
Man carrying a dragon mask in the middle of a crowd of people .
A crowd is gathered outside and watching an artist make something .
A man stands in a kitchen , flipping a crepe on a frying pan .
a man jumping in a mud puddle in the middle of the street
Three hikers and a dog are walking through the foliage on the hillside .
A guy and boy are riding on a skateboard together .
Two dachshunds run in the grass with a blue ball .
A pharmacist wearing a white lab coat is filling prescriptions .
Three girls get together for a fun karaoke night .
Brown dog catches a ball in a sunny yard
four men in a van one man turned around giving peace sign to man behind him .
A man is holding up a plastic jug indoors .
The young girl makes a wonderful snow angel on the ground .
Six girls are sitting together laughing and playing tambourines .
A man in a hooded sweatshirt sitting on a toolbox .
Men having a tree carving contest .
Two strong men work to saw a log .
Two young girls with dyed hair talk to two boys in black .
Woman standing on the street with a shopping bag and a purse .
A man wearing yellow hi-viz is grasping a wooden board .
a kid is sitting on newly constructed railroad tracks
A man in a white hat making pretzels .
a large group of children performing on a stage in front of an audience
A man is pushing a basket that is full of orange shopping bags .
A woman works with yellow and white fabric on a wooden stand .
A lady wearing a white hat sitting on bench sleeping
One man in black clothing standing atop bricks and rubble .
A lady is pointing at something while laughing .
A woman in a brown dress and a woman in a white dress walk on the beach .
Metal statues with persons riding in bicycles in walkway in front of shops .
A woman wearing a black hat sits on the sand with a rock behind her .
a boy in a red shirt walking down a dock past a boat .
A child gymnast performs a trick in a gymnasium .
A young child in a green shirt and crocks looking down a drain
A man with curly hair and glasses tries to tug a large rope on a boat to no avail .
A boy in camouflage shorts and an orange shirt has his hat on backwards .
a lot of people on the street in front of large buildings .
A tan dog is running through shallow water with a stick in its mouth .
A man in a striped shirt watches a subway car go by .
Workers kneel on the ground near a yellow truck and red and white barricades .
A man in a blue shirt is resting his dogs in the woods .
A man observes collected belongings that are scattered about the beach .
A brown dog wades into a lake to retrieve a stick .
A child in a red coat preparing a large snowball .
A person wearing a red jacket climbs a snowy hill .
a man looking at the view of a grassy mountain standing on a rock
The brown dog walks through the flowers .
A female athlete wearing blue equipment is running down a track .
2 male students and a female student smiling in a classroom with desks and a chalkboard .
Two little girls playing in front of soccer goalie gates .
Ski equipment on the side of a snowy mountain .
A red dog jumps and catches a tennis ball in its mouth .
Four men wearing orange vests are digging with shovels .
An old woman is knitting with blue yarn .
A snorkeler takes a dive into the sea .
A small girl gives a kiss to a tan dog .
A faraway figure walks between trees with a light dusting of snow on them .
A black and white dog is chasing a ping Frisbee .
A younger boy is pitching a baseball wearing red jersey and a black hat .
Various people are gathered at a city plaza waiting on an event to happen .
An elderly woman sells goods outdoors in an exotic setting .
A boy holding a hose next to a man while another boy watches on , held by a woman .
A woman with short blond-hair is playing the violin .
The person is in the snowy mountains .
Two french poodles romp on a snowy field
The three chefs and two waitresses are hanging out on the balcony .
A group of people wearing life jackets riding a raft through rough waters .
Two jazz musicians are wearing yellow suits and performing on stage .
A man stands at the top of a mountain with his hands in the air .
A little boy with toy microphone and guitar pretends to play music .
A person paddles a boat on a lake .
Two guys are sitting at a table with a bake chicken .
A man prepares a meal that looks like soup in a crowded kitchen .
A man with a bald head and wearing eyeglasses is carving a turkey .
A soccer player is looking shocked at what had happened .
Someone with a purple parachute has jumped off a cliff .
The parachutist is standing in a field near to his unfurled parachute .
A man is putting a turkey on a grill .
Several people are working on a structure .
Three people holding an umbrella are standing in front of two arched openings .
A guy in a blue suite kicking his leg .
a man parachutes into the desert .
Two Weirmeiner dogs in red collars are playing with a toy bird
A man standing in front of several people talking .
A girl in a pink outfit pushing a blue stroller with a boy sitting in it .
The yuong girl is standing on one leg .
A baby is in the suitcase instead of the green shirt .
A crowd of people are walking , they are mostly dressed in white .
Two women sitting at a table doing arts and crafts .
A black dog lays on a grassy lawn covered in leaves .
A baby crawls on asphalt against a blue sky .
A male toddler in a jacket carries a toy in a store .
a baby is holding a controller to a video game above his head .
Man in sweater stacks wooden crates next to pile of plastic crates .
A man is talking on the phone next to a computer keyboard .
There is a man laying on the ground with a red and white hat on his head .
Three young men in a room two of them are standing and one is sitting in a chair .
A graying man in a long-sleeve button-down shirt appears three times , depicting office activity .
The man and the boy are standing at the bottom of the outdoor stairs .
These five people are working together on a art project .
A smiling boy slides down a rope while hanging on .
A black dog with brown markings wearing a red vest trots down a path .
2 hikers are in the water trying to cross .
Woman plays with baby in contemporary styled living area .
A woman and a man holding a child sit on steps .
Adults and children stand and play in front of steps near a wooded area .
Two little boys ask for change in traffic .
People sitting at tables reading or working .
Man in white shirt holding a snow shovel .
Two dogs are standing in a very grassy area .
Small children are wading through shallow waters that are flooding the street .
A man is working on top of a roof .
Three children and playing and laughing on the floor .
A mother teaches her two young boys to fish off of a rocky coast into very blue water .
A man jumps into the air while a young girl pretends to fight back while standing on a couch .
An older man is helping to lower a stack of pipes .
A construction man appears to be staring at a device .
A child in a striped shirt walks by some red chairs .
Three greyhounds reach the finish line .
A lady in red is standing in the middle of the street between the cable car tracks .
Several people are standing near trees at dusk .
The little boy wearing no shirt is running by a crowd of people .
Two people ride a colorful bike while a blond woman takes their picture .
A small child is playing with a toy in front of a wall .
Two people are posing for a picture in front of city lights .
A man snowboarding down a mountain covered with snow .
A male doctor looking at a female patients hand .
Numerous cameramen line up together shooting a scene .
A skeleton sits on a fence on the edge of a road .
A group of horses and people in front of a snowy mountain .
Two young children are walking hand in hand on an outdoor path .
A dark brown dog is chewing on a stick .
A black dog is swimming with a ball in his mouth .
A group of people on their knees praying .
Two toddlers sit on their mother 's lap while she feeds them .
A man with glasses vacuuming his lawn .
A little boy is pulling a wagon through an empty , grassy field .
A doctor taking blood pressure to the patient .
Two dogs engaged in physical contact with a man in the background .
A man in a green hat standing on a slope in front of a mountain .
A group of children play in the water under a bridge .
A little girl walking down a balance beam with an adult ready to assist .
A man and woman are opening their gifts at a wedding shower .
A young sandy blond boy is at a park swinging on the swings .
A man is practicing his kicks on a punching bag in a gym .
Two mountain climbers are smiling on the mountainside .
A street vendor selling skewers is standing with his hands on his hips .
A box is in front of a likeness of a wizard on the street .
A woman , in a big skirt , is jumping .
A man in jeans and a black jacket picking up his food .
A woman in white with her arms folded smiling as a man is laughing holding cotton candy .
Two men are using a jackhammer near a drain on a sidewalk .
Two children , both in red jackets , are playing on the stairs outside .
A little girl in pajamas is jumping on the couch .
A person biking down a city street in gloves and a warm hat .
A woman rides her bike down the street in the fall .
An elderly woman with a hat on is looking outside of her bus window .
The white dog next to the brown dog is wearing a christmas headband .
A little girl is walking over a path of numbers .
Woman in black coat with orange scarf waiting at a Berlin,Germany train station .
Four people are sitting or standing around a tree talking .
A lady is eating in a restaurant and a man is downstairs kneeling in the restaurants ' kitchen .
Two kids laughing together with food and drinks in front of them .
A woman in a bright dress laughing .
A husband and wife preparing to bake an apple pie .
Old woman in yellow holding tissue over young boys head .
One man taking a photo of another man jumping in a field by a small tree .
A group of men brawl on the basketball court .
Greyhounds jumping out of the gate at a race .
Large brown dog runs through a large grassy area .
An Asian man holds a fan and sits closely to a burning bush .
A man skateboards down a steep railing next to some steps .
A bicyclist dressed in all black in traffic .
A man in a red outfit and black helmet is performing a stunt on a bicycle .
The people are standing outside in hiking gear .
A dog is jumping into a swimming pool after a duck .
A woman in a pink hat and a navy blue coat riding a bicycle .
A man in a white hat uses money to obscure the face of the baby in his baby carrier .
A group of people gathered at night watching an event .
A professor motions with his hands in front of a classroom full of students .
Motorcycles wait on the street for a ride to begin .
A young blond woman applies lipstick in front of a mirror in a home .
A man wearing a dark blue robe performing a ritual .
A black and tan puppy is biting the ear of a brown dog .
An elderly woman is presenting a cake to a group of kids .
A little girl is walking towards stairs where there is a pigeon .
A tan dog chases a white dog through the leafy grass
A man in a beret rides a bicycle down the street .
Two little boys with brown hair and one with blond-hair .
Two policemen are standing on the corner of a street .
A person in a hang-glider .
A woman wearing gold earrings talks to a gray-haired man .
Two black women are watching a performance .
Two oriental women who are both wearing skirts and crossing the street .
A hiker 's profile against a blue sky and mountain range .
A man in pants and a long-sleeved shirt is standing next to a red car .
a man casting out a fishing line into a stream
A boy wearing a jean jacket with his hand on his chest smiling at the camera .
A person walks among large , white geometric shaped architecture .
A man is hiking on a mountaintop on a cloudy day .
One canoe heading for another on a foggy riverbank .
a man in black walking past a red and yellow signpost whilst eating .
i do n't see a picture i do n't see a picture i do n't see a picture
A woman sleeps on the subway , holding a green bag .
A young girl is selling fruits and vegetables on the sidewalk .
A man hanging over the side of a building in a rappelling harness doing repairs .
A man wearing a white top and blue jeans shorts standing in front of a vendor
Two women are bundled up walking through town .
Women fawning over their newborn child and toddler .
A man and a woman carrying bags are walking down the sidewalk .
Two women are teaching in front of a classroom of young children .
The boy with glasses is sitting and reading a book .
Dog running with a tennis ball in its mouth
A man wearing dirt bike clothes , with a logo in closeup .
A woman in jeans with a sponge in her handstanding in a small kitchen near the range .
Two brunette women talking to a classroom full of blond children .
A woman and four guys by the river talking and drinking some beer .
Three men standing together next to a wood-paneled wall .
A dog runs through a very wooded area .
A girl in a blue t-shirt is watching two girls hug .
A group of people gathered in front of a doorway .
A tan dog on a leash stands on his hind legs .
One older man holding a beer standing with another man .
A man with glasses just sat down and is ready to eat his burger .
A man in a blue shirt with his hand in his pocket .
Two kids in coats posing with a snowman .
a group of people sit behind a chain-link fence .
Two men are Sharon a green beanbag in the corner of the room .
People sit on the ground and on benches outdoors .
A young woman builds a gingerbread house .
A young man sits , looking out of a train window .
Three children jump into a hotel pool from an artificial island .
The man has a poof on top of his woolen hat .
Two young girls in matching outfits standing on a chain link fence .
A boy in pajama pants jumps on a red couch .
A man in a white coat is cooking sausages on a grill .
A black dog is breaking ice at the edge of a stream .
A crowd of people walk down a busy alleyway .
Some were in a city with tall buildings and people .
An old man is holding up one dog while his other dog climbs on his lap .
An older woman with blond-hair rides a bicycle down the street .
A blond woman is leaning against the outside of a door smoking a cigarette .
A man with a goatee wears a fur hat in the snow .
A young boy about to hit a ball with a baseball bat .
A new mother holds her newborn baby in the hospital .
The black and white muzzled dog is leaping above the grass .
Two dogs run across the grassy field .
A woman with a helmet riding a bike .
Two children are playing a game of Cricket .
A young woman and a girl inspect a camera .
The man in the white shirt is holding a little boy .
A child in school , holding a ball as she points a the frisbee .
A school in a foreign country , with the British flag .
A group of people are sitting around a table and talking with each other .
Child standing by a rivers edge with laundry in buckets next to them .
A boy high in the air above the dirt and water near the red rock cliffs .
A balding male in a yellow shirt sitting down , watching a crowd of people .
A woman wearing a red skirt is walking beside a stone wall .
A dog laying in the snow .
The boy is running through hay at a pumpkin patch .
A person with cooking utilities poses menacingly in a dark environment .
Two girls holding drinks and looking at something on a cellphone .
Little boy posing for a picture in the snow .
a group of people looking into their cameras
White water rafter goes through a rough spot .
A man in a yellow boat paddling down rough waters .
a young girl climbs a rock wall , in a purple dress .
A man in a small kayak is floating down the river .
Men at opposite ends of the street waiting to cross .
A man and woman are drinking at a bar .
A man in a parking lot next to a red truck putting a box into it .
A dog is digging a large hole in a yard to find something .
A man standing in front of soda 's and cigarettes , wearing a dirty white shirt and opal glowing pendant .
Everyone in red gawked as the Rabbi made his way down the aisle .
Two men wearing black top hats and fake orange noses are pointing and smiling .
Three young people pose by a snowman in a red tie .
A young French horn player rehearses with his orchestra .
An older man is seen carrying a basket of what some kind of paper over his shoulder .
Dirty SUV sits on the bed of a tow truck at night .
Two little girls are laying on the grass smiling .
Two silhouetted people paddle a canoe on the ocean during sunset .
Two shirtless Asian men playing table tennis .
A man wearing sunglasses is playing the guitar .
A large man is wearing a headband with mistletoe attached to it .
A little boy is sweeping a brick floor on a sunny day .
A dog with a newspaper in his mouth runs down a paved path .
Three women , all doing something different , are sitting on a bench .
A man wearing a wetsuit rides a surfboard .
Three dogs are up to their necks in water .
A girl in a hooded jacket presents a cake with candles .
A dog with red fur stands in a body of water .
Man lining up a putt while playing mini-golf .
A hiker with two sticks is a standing on a path that is high up on a hill .
A man stops for a picture with the scenery during his hike .
A man in a hat with long sleeves and long pants stands overlooking a city .
Two men stand near a piece of large machinery .
Two men , dresses in jackets and gloves , blowing leaves .
Two men are standing by a stop sign at a construction site .
a woman and two small children posing in front of a large cow statue .
A man in a green hat is taking a self portrait .
A woman and man in winter gear stand .
A young man wearing a black hat and jacket is walking outside .
two young children on a skateboard going across a sidewalk
A woman buys food from a street vendor in a city while others continue on their way .
Brown-haired male relaxing in an oak tree .
Two dogs of different breeds are standing in a pasture .
Man in a yellow usa shirt is sitting outside of a lobby entrance .
A man in a straw hat is cutting coconuts on a tree stump .
A group of ladies having a laugh at a lounge .
A group of people sitting around a coffee table covered in beer bottles .
A small black dog walks in the sand .
A long dinner table with rows of people talking waiting for their food .
A young woman looks happy in winter clothes while it snows .
A man and a child walk along the beach as a ball floats in the water .
Kids playing with a lot of musical instruments .
A little boy with a green shirt is running on a rock ledge .
Children selling beads and jewelry on a floor .
Two white teenage girls are jumping on a trampoline while one does a back flip .
People stand outside watching motorcycles drive down a road .
An older gentleman riding a motorcycle .
A person walks by some blue-green water while holding a rail .
Motorcyclists with white helmets in a parking lot .
A man is caving a pumpkin while a cat sits in the background .
A young boy stands behind a Jewish fence .
A man looks under a car on a wet street .
Black man in red shorts and white shirt standing the doorway of a red house .
Closeup of two men sitting in a room , smiling and talking .
A small boy wearing a striped shirt and blue shorts playing in water .
An older woman in a dark jacket working on a loom .
A little girl is playing outside in the cold on ice .
An orange dog is licking a man wearing red sunglasses .
Asian girl sleeping on chair with backpack .
A girl sits on what appears to be a crocodile .
The small child wades ankle deep in the water on the shoreline .
Baby looking through playpen bars at camera .
A dog runs through snow in front of the woods .
A man bends down on a stone surface , fixing something .
The dog rolls over to scratch its back in the sand .
A dog is shaking off water .
Three children watch a man on stage playing guitar .
A man with a hat is playing the guitar .
A man in a striped outfit and a woman in a white t-shirt pose for a camera .
Construction workers add cinder blocks to the top of a structure .
Two people walking in the street one holding a pair of shoes .
A crowded restaurant is brightly lit with many people engaged with other people .
A young blond child looks into a washing machine .
A man in a black shirt sits next to an old woman in a pink shirt on a train .
A man in a headband climbing a rock .
The man sitting down is reading a magazine .
Two men playing basketball on a wooden court with a referee standing behind them .
A man in a blue shirt makes a funny face .
a man looks through his binoculars while another man holds a drink .
Two elderly ladies are working at a table .
A man stands on the snow near the mountains .
A man is standing on the rocky ground in front of the mountain .
One lone man with fist in the air with large rocky mountains in the background
A man with a camera and an ice structure behind him .
A man in a sweater is looking at dirty stairs .
The little girl is standing on a stage dressed up as a pink fairy .
An old woman taking pictures at an outdoor photography display .
A little girl is having fun on an amusement park ride .
A man and a child are laughing at each other .
Five men stand in a line in front of a red curtain .
A young woman is awaiting the serve from her opponent .
A man with two ski poles stands near a mountaintop .
A yellow dog is standing in front of a green car and next to a toilet .
Two black and white dogs look at a kitten perched on some equipment .
A woman is cooking some food in a kitchen .
Two children are sitting by the calm water 's edge .
A coach is talking with his team of young players dressed in green jerseys .
green grass with trees and a man swinging a golf club .
A woman wearing a blue sweater and purple leg warmers is painting her toenails .
A small dog runs from the dirt onto the street
Three males on the edge of the water with fishing gear .
A man , wearing a hooded jacket and backpack , is jumping in the air .
two white dogs drinking out of a stream
A man is standing in basement and propped against a pillar .
A woman in orange clothing colors thread .
A small child jumps on a colorful toy in the street .
A man in yellow jumps with his skis .
a large white dog jumping up in the snow
A person holding a " Free Hugs " sign , hugs another person .
A pitcher in a red and white uniform in a baseball game has just thrown the ball .
A boy is being watched as he leaps up in the air on a trampoline .
A child wearing a red coat is pointing into a Loewe store window .
A child stands in a golden field as trees loom behind him .
A wet black dog leaps across a stream .
A man takes a drink in the doorway of a home .
Five Asian children in uniforms are lining up on a track .
Four men use a measuring tape on a green surface outdoors .
Two Asian boys are running on a track .
Three Asian men run while holding hands on a track .
Young children wave and watch something out of sight .
Pigeons swarm all over a boy .
Asian women are dressed in costume holding four red signs while marching .
A woman standing on a snowy hill about to ski .
A young girl in a green sports vest takes the baton and runs in a relay .
A group of Asian kids wearing green smocks running .
The blue team passes off the baton in a relay race .
A man carrying a baby walks next to a woman along the beach .
This tattooed woman stares off into the distance as she sips her drink .
A man takes a picture of another man at the beach .
Toddler standing near a pole with an orange life jacket at his feet .
Three boys are racing against each other .
Asian girls competing in a race .
Orange dog jumps over striped posts on course .
Two women are sitting with their purses in their laps .
Two young girls holding a camera together .
A group of people in pink shirts waving in a parade .
Awards are being presented to children on Field Day in a place that speaks an Asian language .
Two boys with blue and white shirts are in a competition , while children in green shirts watch .
Children in yellow and orange pinnies gather in a group .
Children receiving places at an award ceremony .
A man sits behind a decorated table inside a room with fabrics draped down the walls .
Man in a Grateful Dead shirt looking at a bubble with others in background .
People look onward at bubbles at an outdoor festival .
Two elderly women talking , one is holding the other 's hand .
Two girls and three boys are sitting on a bench laughing .
The white dog is wading in the pond atop the mountain .
A young boy playing outside of his red house .
A Man in a black coat stands in front of trees with orange leaves .
A young buddhist monk enjoys a moment of quiet reflection .
A female ballet instructor guides a young girl in her technique .
A young boy holds a notebook close to him as he sits in a chair with a desk attached .
A Lounge & Grill with pedestrians casually walking by .
Two children standing under an awning .
Three adolescent boys on computers in a room .
Three man sitting around a table working with their laptops .
A boy in a red shirt is climbing up a wooden play set .
There is a jeep stuck in mud up to the doors .
Man reaching for something in a plastic container outside .
A white dog opens its mouth near a smaller dog .
A boy being drenched in a downpour of water .
Man in tan jacket walking in the street .
Two women and a man pushing a baby in a stroller walk through a path in the woods .
A boy wearing a blue shirt , holding a little alligator .
Two girls make faces in the reflection of a mirror behind a boy sitting on a pink couch .
Customers buying produce during the holiday season .
A little boy is ready to throw a stone into the water .
A boy in a blue shirt standing by a lake shore .
An old man in white and pink is playing an acoustic guitar by a red bucket of money and a stand of red tomatoes .
A woman is sitting in a room and painting .
A girl in a red shirt is rock climbing .
A black dog runs through a muddy bank .
Four bikes are standing up and a man is standing next to a building .
There is a man standing near ocean with several pigs on their backs .
A person wearing a hat takes a picture while its snowing .
Four girls are sitting on a blue ATV in field .
A skier climbs up a snowy trail toward his poles .
A man is standing in the window of a subway car as people walk past .
A woman in a headscarf sitting in front of a loom .
An elderly man in a blue ball cap staring at the ground .
Black and white dog running across grass .
Girls are on stage holding their arms above their heads .
A brown dog wearing a red vest is running in the grass .
Looks like a man in a rodeo on a horse about to catch another animal .
The silhouette of three men are either standing or sitting in a boat at sea as the sun sets .
A man in a suit and a cat resting on a red couch .
three little boys cover themselves with bubbles .
A man is bending down doing some work on a sidewalk .
a man with beard sitting down playing an acoustic guitar .
A man standing on a dock maneuvering a piece of equipment in the water .
A white dog standing in a pool of water high in the mountains .
A muddy jeep driving through the forest .
A man walks toward a garage , on a poorly lit road .
A woman in a red coat stands with a small child on a street corner .
A dog stands on the side of a grassy cliff .
A white boat is cruising near a large city backdrop .
Two babies , one in red , asleep in their highchairs .
A girl has a falcon resting on her hand , and a man with a microphone is talking to her while looking at the bird .
Two soccer teams converge at the goal and the goalie reaches for the ball .
A young Asian woman is jumping midair in a crowded city part .
A little boy all bundled up in a blue and red snowsuit sitting on pile of snow next to a shovel .
Two women and two women have a meal together in someone 's home .
A man in a suit is straddling two pillars while holding a flame .
A lady sitting on the round with two baskets of bananas in front of her .
Two men are drawing on easels in front of a Christmas tree .
There are people feeding sheep and a dog is herding them .
They are sitting on the edge of the pool by the ocean .
A Dog lying on a blanket at the end of a small boat .
Black and brown dog running on grass .
An old man wearing glasses is praying with his beads while sitting down .
A lone walker and a family along a strip of beach .
Several adults and one child are sitting around a table .
Group of women in HSBC shirts preparing pastries .
A young girl hugs a red stuffed animal , looking happy .
A group of kids play musical chairs with white lawn chairs .
A small town lies at the base of verdant mountains .
two brown dogs running through the snow .
A furry white dog , hanging out of a window .
A dog is running on the grass beside a boat on the river .
The dog runs towards the camera in a field .
A man holding a plastic bag is standing in a doorway .
Four people stand around near a blue fork lift .
Smiling girl with brown hair blowing in air .
A man is on a stage with his hands in the air holding his wrist .
A band on stage performing in front of a crowd .
A man in a blue inform holding a soccer ball and standing on a soccer field .
Three musicians standing on a stage
A woman with glasses playing a tuba .
A little girl is leaning out of a basket and looking down .
A seagull watches a woman in a sweater and scarf reading the newspaper .
Two girls , one in a white shirt and the other in a pink shirt , are cleaning up outside .
The man standing on the beam is wearing a white hard hat .
Man wearing black with long hair and a black hat on a sidewalk playing a double necked guitar .
A person in a black jacket with a white helmet is standing upon a wooden structure .
A young man wearing a sweatshirt is working construction .
A person in black walking on the sidewalk between two buildings .
People laying on the beach with waves in the background .
A man in a black t-shirt and blue jeans has an orange shoe box open .
Mother lifting her child onto a spin roll toy .
4 men and a woman in a bare room with litter strewn about .
The woman in glasses is wearing a black headdress .
A baby is laying on a pillow wearing Christmas pajamas .
A man and two women sitting near a couch together .
Older woman in red sweeter is opening a gift .
A brown dog is laying on its back on a white carpet with a green ball on it .
A lady wearing a checkered scarf around her neck is talking to a person in a striped sweater .
An old jeep partially submerged in water
A young woman is sitting on the couch holding a black and white cat .
The lady is white is selling things on the street .
A girl wearing green twists something in her hands .
A dog and a cow are standing on a hillside .
Two young boys swimming in a pool of green water .
Two males are staring at a floating object .
A woman sites with her feet on the seats in a subway car .
A group of people in a large yard toss a disc .
A boy is looking at a the skyline across the lake .
A boy slides down a water slide as another boy runs past .
A young boy in a swimsuit and sandals is standing in a doorway .
Two kids are out in a small boat in the ocean with a larger boat in the background .
Four people are holding signs of protest while cars pass behind them .
A group of Asians walking threw a big city .
A group of people are playing instruments .
An Asian person with yellow sandals sitting with a basket to their right .
An ensemble of musicians playing an accordion , a saxophone , and a trumpet are in front of a store , dressed as santas .
A man grilling outside his house .
A young girl sits at a table and eats .
The man is on a computer playing with sound effects .
A construction worker is leaning against a traffic light pole in front of a construction site .
A person with gray hair wears a red hat and watches it snow .
A man standing on a ladder holding a wooden beam .
A large group of people populate a dimly lit room .
A person standing on a yellow ladder glues a poster on a wall .
Three people stand on a boat that is docked .
A man sits at a table next to a spotted wall .
A guy in a blue shirt chases a guy in an orange shirt during a game of flag football .
A middle-aged man records a moment with a camcorder .
A man in a red baseball cap is leaning against a light pole .
A black and white dog in a dog-shirt carrying a long piece of wood .
A smiling man standing on two scooters .
A leaping dog catches a green and black Frisbee .
A skateboarder sits on a bench while wearing a black helmet .
Two boxers are boxing in a ring as spectators watch .
Ugly looking man eating allot of bread and a salad .
The woman holding a black purse is smoking a cigarette .
A woman holding a purse is walking in front of two doors .
a small child sleeding down a snowy hill wearing a blue helmet
People under a tent listening to a man with beard playing a brown guitar .
Four Walmart shoppers in a deep discussion in the grocery section .
Two female hikers hang onto a rock in front of them while looking down into a deep crevice .
Some young adults hike by boulders and a stream .
A band performing in front of a group of fans .
The guy in the striped shirt is pointing .
A small child with berries all over its mouth .
A group of musicians rehearsing .
There are three men singing on a stage while other men watch .
A monk shows visitors one of his possessions .
A young boy in a yellow shirt is playing outside on monkey bars .
Two women are getting their pictures taken with a man in his underwear .
A couple of people on a motorbike that is filled with drinks .
A person with a red hat stands in a pile of snow on the side of a road while traffic goes by .
A woman holds herself as she hikes in mountainous terrain .
A hiker in a blue jacket stands among numerous tall trees in the woods .
The brown dog is sitting down on a snowy path .
Boy holding an icicle pretending it is a gun .
A young man has fallen asleep outside while resting his head on his backpack .
A child in orange poses in the snow riding a blue sled .
A woman sitting with a great big smile .
Older man with glasses talking on the phone .
There is one man with light blue jeans on , and one with dark blue jeans on that are walking down the street .
Two men are walking down a street talking , one is smoking a cigarette .
The boy wearing the red jacket and helmet is winking
the boy is diving into the pool as the couple watch .
A group of people standing on the steps of an old house .
An older man holding a guitar , wearing a tie dye shirt and cowboy hat with a dog ; both are wearing sunglasses .
A smiling girl , wearing a red top , sits in front of her fruit plate .
A man and a woman wearing hats are playing instruments on the street .
A man laying up against a large concrete complex .
A man with a red sweater with a paper badge looking down at something .
Several people are hanging out on a pier at low tide on a cloudy day .
A boy jumps into a not-so-crowded public pool .
The people with programs are seated in a very large , elegant room .
A man in a cowboy hat with a guitar singing into a microphone .
Two men playing guitars next to a microphone .
An older man is leaving a store with a refreshing drink .
Two men are working on gray bike that is up on some type of hoist .
A woman and a child are waiting outside of a McDonald 's restaurant .
An older man interacts with a young girl , who is drawing with crayons .
A little girl in a red shirt playing on a jungle gym .
Baby in Santa outfit holding a baby Santa .
Five young children all wearing heavy clothes are sitting together on the sidewalk .
Many people in a very crowded square in a city at night .
A beautiful brown and white St Bernard running in the snow
A worker sleeping outside in a chair during the daytime .
a younger man with long hair standing beside an older man holding a crying child .
Two girls and a boy are walking across an intersection .
An adult is holding up a child who is trying to ice skate .
A young woman walks by another young woman talking on the phone and leaning on a wall .
A man wearing a blue shirt and white pants sitting on a chair in front of a building
Two dogs , one brown and one black , playing with each other .
A boy holds a light saber in front of a Christmas tree .
A group of 4 religious man walking through a courtyard .
A child with a yellow balloon walks through a fair .
A man riding his bike on the beach by the ocean .
A man in glasses holding a cloth doll or puppet .
A man in a blue shirt enjoys a plush beer bottle .
A bull rider is trying to stay on a bull at a rodeo .
A young boy jumping into a still lake
A young woman in a cupcake shirt unwraps a gift .
The girl in a bathing suit runs past the blue pool .
A boy wearing a hat is holding a rooster .
It 's Summer time and two girls play with bubbles near a boat dock .
A boy in black winter clothes sits on an inflated sled by a mound of snow .
a person in a blue jacket stands on the back of a track full of boxes , crates , and kegs .
A woman is showing off the pasta she has boiled .
A girl in a blue two piece bathing suit at the beach .
A young latin girl is mourning the loss of her grandfather .
Snow covers the ground and a young boy 's jacket .
An elderly man is wearing a black jacket covered in sponsorship logos .
A girl is holding a beer and a stuffed animal .
A man wearing dark green shirt and sweatpants is showing off a stuffed toy
A girl holding a apple on a stick and a stuff Stitch character .
a family is observing a newborn baby sleep while wearing a striped .
A person in dark winter clothing holding onto a pole with a snowy background .
A woman and a young girl riding a sled down a snowy hill while standing .
Black dog with orange ball approaches camera across dead leaves .
Two toddlers on the floor playing a game with cards and a board
older person standing in the water holding on to a wooden stake .
A family of six are playing Monopoly together in the living room .
Two girls and one boy holding hands and jumping into a pool together .
A woman in a red jacket is helping a little boy in green pants open an easel .
A man plays an acoustic guitar on a subway platform .
A child in a sweatshirt is drawing on a chalkboard .
The little girl is using colored pencils to decorate a coloring book .
a blond girl in a brown shirt with a black pen up her nose
A woman in a bridal dress is being walked in with a man in a skirt .
Two women are straightening up a dinner table .
A female hula dancer dances for a crowd .
A male toddler colors a picture with a green crayon and a dimly-lit restaurant .
The baby is wearing a bib and sitting in an adult '
A man in blue jeans with other people smiling at someone else .
The dog is in the air above the grass .
dog jumping looking up and small white ball in air passed by
One man is working on a wristwatch while another checks his work .
Several people are drinking and socializing at a party .
A man putting his hands in a bowl at the dinner table .
Woman in ethnic garments dancing .
A woman is reading a piece of paper aloud as a man stands behind her .
Two friends drinking some beers and having a good time .
Man holding boy upside down in his arms standing on rocks .
People work diligently on there computers at their desks .
A group of people are gathered , watching a television .
The fir fighters are at work serving those in need .
A female in a red and white t-shirt is pulling her suitcases up the road .
A man holds a dog and a beer while sitting in a floral armchair .
A woman in pajamas and a man smiling in a hallway .
Some women are putting candles on a cake made of Marshmallow Peeps .
Two kids and a woman wave enthusiastically from behind a window .
A woman is sitting at a table in a restaurant eating .
Several police officers standing near a vintage Citroen car .
A boy in blue in a dentist operating room .
Four people sitting at a kitchen table talking .
One person is feeding a pink peep to another person .
Two fluffy white dogs are in the snow .
A black-haired man standing next to a podium made of wood and plastic .
a black and white dog playing in the snow together
A group of people enjoys their company with liquor .
A dog leaps off a dock and into the water .
As a spectator watches , a man is jumping over a body of water that is in a field of dead grass , with dead trees in the background .
A bearded man with a hat drives down the road .
A child is wading through water towards the beach .
A boy wearing a blue life jacket is holding onto the side of a green boat .
A woman is taking a man 's blood pressure in a kitchen .
A group of six friends are relaxing in the dining area .
A child in a white shirt standing in a field of grass .
A man trying to catch a sheep in a competition and the rodeo clown trying to help .
Six workers in hard hats walking into a job site .
White fluffy dog kissing sheep through a fence .
A man sings with a choir , dressed in red and yellow .
A young dancer holds a pose in an open field .
A beautiful ballerina is dancing on the beach by herself .
A man in a black suit surfs on a wave .
A woman is sitting at a table waiting to tell a customer 's fortune .
A woman in a long , black dress carries a tray on top of her head .
A black-haired woman in a brown coat looks at the sky through broken windows .
Two men are having a conversation in a cathedral or mosque .
A group of people sits around a table , raising their glasses .
Two people are in a canoe on a river in misty conditions .
A man and woman are standing fresh seafood at a market .
A backpacker in a blue jacket hikes up a winding trail on a snow covered mountain .
Girl with dark tanned face in pink on escalator with other people .
Two young teenage girls hiking through the snow on a cold winter day .
The four older adults in the room are talking to each other .
A woman in a casino stands at an ATM to withdraw money .
A woman wearing a white shirt is playing a slot machine .
Soccer players are shaking each others hands on the soccer field .
A referee is talking with a couple of soccer players in red jerseys .
Soccer players playing a game in front of a big crowd .
A smiling boy in an orange shirt and yellow shorts is standing in a dilapidated classroom with desks .
A man with short , blond-hair stares at a cement mixer .
A woman is running amongst other athletes outdoors .
Two men stand looking at the ocean at a tropical resort .
2 football players from Arsenal FC facing off against 2 others .
Soccer goalie talks things over with the opposing team .
A girl in a pink jacket and red hat walking near grass .
A man in a striped shit standing in front of a fence overlooking a beach view .
The dog is trying to outrun the deep snow .
A silhouette of a person snowboarding through a pile of snow .
An old man hauling his wares in the back of a tricycle
Two women in pastel colored headscarves walk in front of a worn stone building .
The three dogs are running down a snowy track .
The children take turns riding the minerature pony with an adult supervising .
A little girl dressed in white is playing with water .
A blond man is looking at the camera while another man is cooking something in the background .
A man sitting in a canoe on the shore of a lake .
Three men working on building something with bricks .
Man in black jacket and beanie talks to woman in gray jacket and teal scarf .
Two little girls show off their paper plate snowmen .
A little redheaded girl wears a Spider-Man suit while riding a play horse .
A man and a woman lay next to each other on a couch under a blanket .
Three children are playing with an illuminated water art display .
A woman in a white polo shirt is moving a black statue of a bear .
Beautiful scene of a building in shadow with birds flying and a colorful sunset in the background .
Two kids are bouncing on colorful balls .
Climbing to the top of the ski mountain to get a better view of the lake .
A motocross bike is being ridden over rocks .
A young boy sitting on a blue toilet .
Two young kids one , one in black snowsuit and other in red slide down snowy hill .
A worker in a blue hard-hat looks on as another man works
A shirtless man in a pink hat is standing on a rocky shore .
A guy is doing something with cords while talking on the phone and smoking .
Two guys riding around in a office on scooters .
A woman is on a public bus riding through a town .
A kid in an orange shirt with black symbols is jumping in a space walk .
The dog jumps up to get the Frisbee in the man 's hand .
A few people gather around to play video games together .
A man is placing wood into a small fire outdoors .
Woman in a black top carrying something to drink and a green plastic basket past a grill .
Two white dogs are running on the grass .
Four white dogs with muzzles jump over a red wall .
A racing car goes through a dirt course while fans watch .
The woman with the blue shirt is holding a baby .
A man one a bicycle with a green rickshaw on the back is transporting a large load .
A woman is talking to a man in a white shirt and bandanna .
One woman cashier scanning items of another woman customer who has a bandage on her hand .
A man in a red and gray jacket laying on the grass .
A person shovels a path during a snowstorm .
Three children and one older man explore among the rocks and splash in the water .
A little boy with a firefighter hat on using a saw to cut the stem of a flower .
Local villagers are preparing for a fishing trip on this gorgeous fishing boat .
Four shirtless men , hard at work , on a scaffold .
Child wearing fireman 's hat sits on ground next to man holding a handsaw .
A man dressed in black wearing a hat and glasses in front of a red wall .
Lady walking past a man on a bench who is watching her .
Two men stand next to some large machinery in a tunnel .
The man with the cowboy hat and blue shirt is taking a break from his work .
A very large group of people walk around wearing summer clothes .
Woman dressed in red standing in front of air force men standing in the background .
A man stands in front of a fallen down building .
A girl is dancing with a green skirt and a bra and people are watching .
Two boys playing tug-of-war while one reaches out to chair on left
A girl is sitting in a model tractor , posing for the camera .
Two men sit in beach chairs in the shallows as one goes fishing .
A grayish dog running in the snow .
Four adults walk through a vegetable field in a rural area .
Someone with curly hair is looking out the window .
A boy jumping off of a diving board while a girl watches .
A dog chasing an animals tail on the grass .
A young boy is looking through a telescope with a bridge and water in the background .
a young boy wearing a blue outfit playing with a rocket .
This is a child in a snowy landscape sledding down a hill .
The child is wearing warm clothing outside in the winter .
Two dogs playing keep-away with red toy on blue string .
An older man with a beard and wearing some type of garb is smiling .
Three children are playing at a sprinkler park .
A little boy and a little girl play together in the water .
Two travelers on a train or bus reading a book together .
A group of friends are getting ready to go skiing .
A person wearing a red ski jacket skis down a snowy hill .
a small child racing down a snowy hill on an innertube
Five individuals holding instruments and practicing music together next to a building .
Here is a picture of a man pole dancing in front of his friends at a house party .
There are two white dogs and one brown dog chasing a ball .
the adirondack express ski lift has plenty of snow for skiers to enjoy .
A little girl in a white blouse and blue pants frolics on the grass .
The photographer is taking Polaroids of the landscape .
Two people searching for something in the woods in winter time .
A dirt biker soars above green trees with a blue , slightly cloudy sky in the background .
Two young girl cheerleaders wearing a khaki shirt with a black tie cheering .
Balding man in gray sweater plays with his dog .
a young child eats fruit while an elderly woman watches .
Two women have a swim in water by ice capped mountains .
Two indian women in sari 's work inside a factory .
A woman doing yoga on the beach on the ocean .
Two young girls with exaggerated expressions on their faces
a man and a woman are laughing together
An infant sleeping in their crib .
A man is riding in a boat on the water .
kid in white and girl in yellow boy is doing what looks like a karate move he has a yellow belt .
A boy who is next to a river smiles tentatively at the camera .
A man in a red jacket holds his bike for the picture .
Three girls are sitting cross-legged on a floor .
A brown lab dog runs over an obstacle on a course .
A group of people are sitting at a table which has glasses of beer on it .
A dog and a cow play together inside the fence .
A few people standing on top of a mountain taking pictures .
A wet child stands in chest deep ocean water .
The dogs ran around the dirt racetrack .
Three men stand outside a restaurant smoking and conversing .
One cook watching another cook grill chicken .
A person is scuba diving in very clear blue water .
A old man canoeing with green Lilly pads .
Young boy playing with a Superman toy in the aisle of a toy store with his father .
Three hikers walk through a small canyon .
A woman is measuring fabric with a wooden tool and by placing it directly on her fingers .
A woman and a girl inside , near some gifts during the holidays .
Diners at a restaurant pose for a photo .
A boy watches his classmates play in a courtyard , looking from above .
a little brown dog running through a field of grass
A brunette man is welding a stair rail .
A man in dress clothes and a man in jeans at the front of an auditorium .
a dog swimming through the water
A little girl is sitting in bed with a book and a drink .
Two blond-hair girl eating and one is using chopsticks .
A pair of children in uniforms running through a flock of pigeons .
A young boy sitting in a white moon chair playing with an etch-a-sketch .
A little girl in a highchair is messily eating spaghetti .
A brown dog is resting its paws on a laptop keyboard .
A person is squatting at the end of a pier near a lake .
An officer directing some people on a motorbike .
One man is jumping into the water , while the other is watching .
two older women walking down the busy street with shopping bags
Four people sitting at a table smiling , one person is standing up and one person is taking a picture .
A girl dressed in a pink shirt , jeans , and flip-flops sitting down playing with a lollipop machine .
Three men are working on a road wearing hard hats and bright yellow construction gear .
Someone paddles a small boat across a still lake at sunset .
A group of people are outside looking upwards .
A person on a bike wearing a red helmet , riding down a street .
Newlyweds kiss by their wedding cake .
Highway workers examining the ground on a highway .
Dog climbing on stuffed animals indoors , background TV shows breaking news .
A man in a flag had one finger up while walking past the camera .
A man in a gray jacket eating a sandwich .
A man with glasses standing wearing a suit and bowtie holding a piece of paper .
Two construction workers doing their job .
A woman wearing a white top with Dior on front holding the cash register till
A lady with a jar in her hand and a tray with black bags on top of her head .
A group of children are wearing red vest and some have balloons .
A native girl showing a slingshot to the camera .
a group of children sit together and work on arts and crafts .
a man in a yellow shirt is laying on the sidewalk .
A crowd enjoying a musical band outdoors on a beautiful day .
Several people waiting to play musical instruments
A young female gymnast wearing purple competes on the balance beam .
A baby wearing red begins to cry as a woman makes a face at it .
A view from under a table of a young boy laying in an older person 's lap .
A mother is feeding two infants .
A small dog runs to catch a ball .
A man is standing a watching people on the street .
A group of young children at play in a field .
A child runs on a dirt path along the street .
A dog runs on wet sand as a man in yellow pants walks further back .
An African American boy stands in front of a blue building in the handicapped space .
A man dressed in a red robe is walking down the sidewalk .
The white dog is running on the grass near a small house .
A black dog is leaping from a cylindrical hay bale .
two people ski in the mountains .
A man is sleeping in a chair surrounded by numerous chickens in crates .
A boy runs while another family is standing by .
A train carrying passengers makes its way along the tracks among the woods .
Children walking together with a purple and gold stuffed animal .
A person in a black coat pulling a kid out of the road .
A shot of a ski resort next to a mountain .
Small child playing peek-a-boo behind a tree in a park .
Dog running on shore beside two geese in water
A man is giving a young man a piggyback ride while looking out towards the ocean waves .
A soccer team is warming up before a match .
Kids playing in the water in front of a wooden bridge .
A man and woman holding hands are jumping into the water .
A man tries to get a toy away from a small dog .
A girl holds something while three dogs beg .
A red-clad man rides a bike through rocky ground while another man looks on
A person is jumping of a short mound in an arid setting while being filmed while another person is talking on their cellphone .
An older man speaks to an older woman in Fairway grocery store .
A woman is sleeping with a pink blanket while a black and white cat sleep on the floor .
Horse number 8 is racing
A boy running through a grassy area in a park .
Two girls are running down a country road toward a blue sky .
One woman looks at a camera while another reaches toward her .
Three people are standing outside while it is snowing .
Two girls are sleeping on a floor mat in an apartment or house .
A couple of Indians sitting in front of a computer .
Two men with black hair talking on a couch .
An Indian man is scratching the back of his head while thinking .
A man is singing into a microphone whilst playing the keyboard , as a young child looks in from the background .
Several people swim in a body of water .
A person swinging on a swing
A boy watches another person falling in the snow .
A man holds an object with his hand while riding his bike down the street .
An athletic young man performs a high jump near a wall .
A boy in a wetsuit on a crowded beach
Here is a picture of an army standing in one row and on an island .
Woman and man looking at something funny on a laptop screen .
A group of young boys , one naked , play around a rickety bridge .
A man sitting on a boat being watched by police officers .
A man drinks from a glass while sitting at a table .
Several people are wading in a river in a deep gorge .
Wet woman walking through water near a large waterfall .
Three kids are resting after playing football
A old lady with a cane is crossing the street in the rain .
Man on a cellphone sitting with a woman overlooking the land .
Six people are jumping in the air , one of them throwing a ball .
A person with brown hair stands in a group .
An individual sitting on the dock at the beach looking at the ocean .
A woman is retrieving food from a restaurant 's kitchen .
Two children build a sand castle on the beach .
A lady wearing a white t-shirt and a pink skirt is playing tennis .
A tennis player in a pink outfit serves the ball to her opponent .
A person is skijoring with a dog in the mountains .
Two kids are photographed playing soccer in a field .
People are walking around a picnic area that is covered in snow .
People put up a volleyball net at the beach .
The two girls ride together on the bicycle while sightseeing .
A woman with a white dress is playing tennis .
A man on a bike is looking at what a man is selling on the street .
A man in a suit and an officer smile for the camera .
A white male in a green shirt playing a guitar and singing a song .
Two golden retrievers running in a snow dusted field .
Two men in suits standing in front of a bus , one is wearing a medal .
A man standing against a building as traffic passes by .
A boy is firing a gun at a bullseye attached to a hay barrel .
The man is walking near a brown building .
A baby in a green bib with arms around him .
A man and a woman are sitting at a table smiling at the camera .
Two men , one playing a bagpipe and one adjusting the bagpipe .
The large brown dog stands in the choppy water .
Woman in white smock standing in a large garage by a car .
A child riding a scooter indoors .
A man is holding a young child 's hand at a fair .
A tennis player getting ready to serve the ball .
A woman in a white top and blue shorts is playing tennis .
There is a lady and a baby spending some fun time .
A man clings to the side of a rock face .
A man with a white shirt climbing the side of a cliff .
A dog runs through an obstacle course .
A girl falling down in the snow as another looks on .
The snowboarder is in the middle of a very tall jump
A man , in cutoff jeans and no shirt , is standing in a crowd on the beach .
A group of women and young children on the banks of a waterway .
A dog in a green collar fetches a stick from the dead leaves .
The girl in the blue coat is holding a purple capped water bottle .
A white , black , and brown dog runs in a field .
The man in the hat and sandals is pulling a cart behind him .
A man plays for a crowd with the spotlight on him .
A young woman in green shorts and a bikini top dances in the sand .
The pitbull returns the chewed up soccer ball in the snow .
A child wearing a jacket that says USA is shoveling snow .
A child is wearing red and white striped pajamas .
A woman helps a boy to do the monkey bars .
A man with brown hair is holding a guitar .
A man in a beard and glasses sings along as he plays his ukulele .
Eight people sitting down at a table indoors for refreshments .
Three girls sing and one girl plays the guitar on a stage in front of a small crowd .
Young blond woman with red beads , gray sweatshirt marked GONTAGA .
A person in safety orange clothing is lying atop an open manhole .
photographers are taking pictures in a building .
A bearded man wearing glasses and a blue shirt plays guitar .
A child in a green and white sports uniform is running over grass .
A man that is not wearing a shirt is brushing his teeth .
A boy is sitting on a brightly colored chair next to a child 's book playing a guitar .
Some people are sitting in chairs on a lawn while food is barbecuing .
A young blond women and a man waiting to cross the street .
A young boy enjoys several children books scattered on the floor , next to a shelf of toys .
A man wearing no shirt is trimming his beard with an electric trimmer while standing in a driveway .
people working at a little shop that has many colorful lanterns .
A young woman wearing a wetsuit is in the ocean .
Two people stand near a red wheelbarrow .
Pedestrians admire sculptures on the street as they walk past .
A woman looking at the daytime sky through a telescope that 's on a tripod .
People swimming and jumping into a lake .
A gentlemen dressed nicely looking at something on his desk .
Young girl eating a bowl of cereal out of a big white bowl .
Man in blue shirt grilling chicken wings .
A black dog is chasing after a red Frisbee .
An elderly woman is sweeping up trash on the street .
A toddler in a pink dress walks through the grass .
A woman has tables set up of things she is selling , while a lady and child look .
A man cooks a large amount of shellfish in a wok outdoors .
A man stands by a building because there is snow and ice on the ground nearby .
Young boy wearing a yellow shirt jumps onto the brown couch .
A kid is making a grimacing face while wrapped up in a towel .
A woman wearing a white glove peers over the crowd .
A man in a cap and blue shirt pretends to choke a girl .
Blond little girl wearing novelty glasses .
Older person is helping a child on ice skates .
One boy laughs at another wearing an elf hat in the locker room .
A group of young people sitting around watching television .
A small child jumps high above a sandy field .
A surfing teenager riding a wave on a white surfboard .
A person on a bike coming down off a wooded hill .
Small girl in pink clothing holding a camera in her hands .
A man in an apron smiles by a table .
a boy hangs out of a passing taxi cab window
Men and women shopping for food and working .
Four girls in bathing suit type uniforms are pictured playing volleyball outdoors .
A man stands on his canoe as he guides his boat down the mountain ringing waterway .
A woman spikes a volleyball as the opposing player tries to block the ball .
An old man playing a violin at a park as a young boy watches .
Bridesmaids in gold dresses and others watch as a man in a suit hula hoops .
Three men and two women sitting at a dining table getting ready to eat .
A couple sits at a cramped table in a busy restaurant .
Man with older woman , seated at table in sunny , crowded area .
A woman places her red shopping bag down as she sits down to a table .
A small puppy rungs towards the camera .
Young man is performing a trick on a skateboard in a park .
Two men pull a fishing net up into their red boat .
Two men in shorts and sandals are carrying food and drinks at a farmers market .
A boy wearing winter clothing in an igloo
A little girl is climbing up a rock as her mom 's shadow is casting over the rock .
A group of young girls are competing in a basketball game , held at some sort of gymnasium .
Mother with two boys , one acting goofy and the other giving her a kiss .
Two black dogs are running in the grass together .
A person ridding a white horse with reflective clothing on .
A man in a gray shirt jumps over the top of a sand dune in the desert .
Two women waiting for the crosswalk light to turn green .
A group of people listening to an instructor in a classroom .
a yellow dog swimming in the water with something red in his mouth
A mother and daughter pause their Monopoly game long enough to smile at the camera .
A car being prepared for a photo shoot .
A woman in a gray jacket and skirt , walks on a brick path .
A girl in a bathing suit carries a paddle .
A crowd of individuals on the beach listening to a man .
Four people in sunhats are sitting and talking together on the sand of the ocean shore .
People are walking toward the ocean on a sunny beach with rocks .
A man in a hat gives instruction to a group of children .
People are gathering and looking at weeds .
A little boy under 3 is trying to brush a little girls hair .
A large number of people are sitting in metal chairs watching a man in front .
A group of six males sitting near each other playing instruments in a room .
A boy in his young teens wearing summer garments is fishing off a dock on a sunny day .
a little girl in a pink cardigan is jumping from the couch .
People are sitting around a table with colorful bowls and plates .
Woman with red-hair , gray sweater and light green gloves , working on a experiment .
A man and women wearing their cultural costa Rican wear .
blond child with white long-sleeve shirt with static hair
Children smiling and making faces to the camera .
White man sits at a desk drinking coffee and writing things down .
little boy in Cami crawling on brown floor
A Korean man in a blue jacket and sunglasses is sleeping in a car .
Young man in white long-sleeved shirt standing in front of mountains on a cloudy day .
A woman holds a small infant over a skateboard at the beach .
young people outside , sitting on the pavement , talking .
A young man in a black t-shirt playing the drums .
A man playing a orange colored guitar .
Three people are sitting on the subway .
The saxophone player is performing on the street corner .
some people are browsing at an outdoor market .
a small boy looks out over a body of water .
A woman in a red jacket and orange glasses is jogging .
A boy wearing an orange shirt and brown shorts is jumping .
A gymnast in a competition is looking on with a questioning look on her face .
A young man is playing his guitar and singing on a stage with a band .
A group of construction workers work next to a road at night .
A young girl is donating money to a Salvation Army collection woman .
A woman playing with a child on a teeter-totter .
A digger waits patiently as a worker inspects the pipe .
An older gentleman in a long coat and blue sandals is standing near the beach .
A woman carrying a black purse is walking past a green gagnant sign .
A little boy in a yellow jersey playing in a playgym .
A man is loading grocery carts on the back of a truck .
A toddler in a red jacket is balancing on top of snow .
Grayhound dog standing in still water .
A woman wearing a black jacket and scarf carrying shopping bags down a sidewalk .
A mother is reaching down for her child on a sidewalk .
Two Chicago Police Officers in uniform overlook a city street .
Three adults sitting on a bench in front of a sign for Joe 's Cafe listening to one man play the guitar .
A woman works at a stand selling fruit and vegetables .
A little girl sits in a highchair , looking unhappy .
A man in a tan jacket and dark colored hat crosses the street .
A worker in a yellow jacket is hoisted up high to work on a building .
A man in a blue jacket is standing in front of a small group of people .
A woman sweeping the sidewalk in front of a clothing store .
Construction machinery in use next to trains and a large red building .
A long-haired man plays an acoustic guitar while holding a pen .
Young looking man walks along a street with cigarette in hand .
A market with a wooden lattice fence and a brown canopy sits amongst trees with golden leaves .
Woman with red crash helmet and Native American tattoo on her arm .
Construction workers work on an old building .
Four dogs play together outside with sticks .
An Asian woman is posing on the pier near a boat on the water .
A man in a blue shirt stands holding his umbrella as flood waters rise around him .
A man on a bicycle is riding past a beige colored building .
A black dog frolics in the snow .
A bald headed man is standing by the beer pumps at the bar .
A front view shot of a tourist information center at night
Two people are outside speaking to each other standing on a rug .
The black dog is standing on the grass at night .
A man is wearing protective hair and face coverings .
The man in the black hat is sitting on the floor beside the green door .
A dog and a cat are playing on a wooden floor .
A young male figure plays guitar in front of a drummer , while an audience crowds nearby .
A girl sitting on a rock in the middle of a body of water
A dog climbing stone stairs surrounded by plants .
A group of people in silhouette play on a beach as the surf rolls in .
A child plays with a pink kitchen set that is child-sized .
A man leaning up against a tree while listening to a music player .
A dog with a Frisbee in its mouth chasing a boy in a field .
a dog runs in the water with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A dog watches a tennis ball on the beach .
A man in a red shirt is standing with two fitls in front of an old structure .
Two big dogs wade in the ocean
Man on a pier looks at two dogs standing in shallow water .
Two women in white headscarves read a text message in front of a busy store .
Two men both with dark hair wearing striped vests .
A brown and white dog runs on brownish grass .
A man with glasses looks at something amid scaffolding .
Young men wave flags in a crowd outside of a glassy building .
A young boy holding a newspaper that shows a murder of a man on the cover .
There is a person standing inside of a blue phone booth .
A man with his face painted white is blowing a whistle .
A few people stand around the counter of an establishment .
A tan and black dog walks happily through a field .
A man and little girl walk next to a sign about crime .
A woman with a blue shirt is reading to her son .
A handicapped person with one leg skiing down a mountain with other mountains in the background .
A vendor with a blue shirt is selling bananas .
A man dressed in his cultural robe , and sandals is waiting to cross the street .
A man and a woman are sitting at a table talking .
People working in a kitchen preparing food .
Two children are playing hockey on a frozen pond
A man is carrying a surfboard along a stone wall that leads to the ocean .
A man taking a picture with a silver camera .
A band plays at a venue along the water .
the women in the black dress is smiling while holding something on her hand
Three people working and one is holding a shovel full of dirt .
Two men watch as a man in a blue hard had makes repairs .
Two people hang from safety ropes over a giant cliff .
Two women and a man are all wearing black jackets and smiling .
Man laying on a platform outside on some rocks .
Two kids playing with each other outside .
Many people moving into a new home in the early winter days .
People looking into a hole that has already been dug .
A group and men and women are planting a leafless tree .
Two workmen add dirt to a freshly planted tree .
Tw woman stand outside a building , and one is smoking .
Ice hockey players standing together in the arena .
A fireman on a ladder fixing a telephone pole with flames in the background .
A man is wiring a piece of equipment .
Two hipsters strolling down the street with ridiculous looking clothes on .
A woman in a air filter mask is sewing with a sewing machine .
A black and white dog frolics in the snow .
Several people in a crowded commuter train .
A woman in a purple dress rubs her head as other people look on .
Baby in the water being held up by an adult 's arms .
A crowd of people standing next to a seafood stand .
A very young girl is standing outside of a building .
A person is standing in a bright green wheat field with a black horned cow .
A man intricately works on clocks under a light .
A young child gets ready to throw a snowball at the cameraman .
a young girl in a flowery dress surrounded by watermelons
Adults and children are taking a bike ride on a quiet road .
A large group of Asian children sit on or stand near steps .
A female tennis player anticipating the ball ready to use her backhand .
A little boy in a beige outfit .
A man working on a steam engine with a water tower in the background .
A couple sits to watch the sunset from a bridge .
A man dressed in black is standing above a white dog .
A small boy with blond-hair is rolling an orange bowling ball down a lane .
A young boy asleep on a couch in his pajamas .
Two men wearing cone hats sit on a wooden bench .
A man in a pink shirt leading a horse down a dirt road .
A brown dog is jumping over a pole with fire on the ends .
A dog is jumping through hoops held by people .
Sportscaster Jim Rome looking dapper .
A bald man is cooking on a stove , throwing a stabbed fish in a pan .
a large brown dog standing on his hind legs next to a woman .
A man riding a bus passes a man on the sidewalk .
A man standing next to a women 's restroom in an orange shirt .
two young man holding one leg in their hand
A man in a chef uniform cooking in a restaurants kitchen .
Three gentle men having a discussion about the seminar they just attended in Florida .
A young Jewish boy sits in a chair at a party .
A person is squatting with a yellow umbrella on a beach .
Friends running a race hand in hand .
Group of younger women dressed in skirts and dresses gathered on a lawn by a tent and a building .
A man wearing a brown jacket and blue jeans is reaching into his pocket .
Two young women are reading from a paper into a microphone .
Many people talking and eating at an event during the day .
A woman in an apron smiles as she stirs something in a pot .
Two teenagers holding up a Mike Huckabee sign on a grassy medium on a six lane road .
A man in a tuxedo shirt and black sport coat tries on a rubber monster mask .
A baby dressed in orange plays with a necklace .
A blond woman and a toddler are posing for a picture .
A man is holding up a sign advertising food on the sidewalk of a busy street .
The lady in the red apron is preparing food for the up coming festivities .
Two woman wearing dresses are standing outside on the grass while one of them is holding a cup and saucer .
A woman in a lace shirt and black skirt talks to a Jewish man .
Two elderly woman are talking at a gathering .
Mother and daughter are meeting for the first time .
Men and women outside holding hands to form circles .
Dog sitting looking out over a body of water .
Two People enjoy the Ocean while under an umbrella .
a man talks into a microphone in front of a gathering while being cheered and applauded upon .
Several people selecting food and desert items from an outdoor buffet .
Two women talking in an outdoor setting .
A female is standing with two males talking to them .
Man about to hit a tennis ball with 3 seconds left .
A man in glasses relaxing with his feet up .
A man and a woman read books by stone structures .
A baby with food smeared on its face and two fingers up its nose .
A man is jogging on a road in the middle of an empty field .
Two men dressed in formal clothing are looking down at their laptops .
A man wearing a heavy coat is listening to an MP3 player while on a bus .
a group of greyhound dogs in a race leaving the gate
A naked child stands looking into a body of water .
A woman in purple tights is talking on the phone .
A woman in white jeans , and man in black shorts look opposite ways near a stand .
As the sun sets 3 people are on a small boat enjoying the view
The person is high on a mountain during sunset .
Oriental festival or parade with beautiful display of blue , red and orange colors .
The dogs are playing with a tennis ball in the yard .
Tired from reading his book , a young man in a striped shirt takes a nap in the library .
A brown and white dog is chained up near a red chair .
A young child holding hands with a woman and the walk past a wall with the number 93 painted on it .
A child in a red hat is looking out a window while a woman on the street watches the same event .
Bike riders pass an ornate building with a clock .
A man with backpack stands in front of a brown brick wall .
Biker in red and white helmet driving a red motorcycle .
Two men gather in the lobby of a building .
Two people walk out onto the desert sand .
A cement truck is depositing cement onto a city street .
Resident man shovels a path of snow from his house .
An older man in a green jacket is selling flowers on a street corner .
A young girl in a green shirt is running in a gym .
A tall blond women wearing stockings walking away from the camera .
The lady in pink is walking past someone holding flowers .
A few men are sitting on chairs and standing under a large red umbrella .
A lady in a blue hat sitting near a fruit stand .
A guy wearing a parka is walking on an empty sidewalk .
A female soccer team is preparing to say a cheer .
Two men , one in a hat with a cigarette , saw a piece of wood on a boat .
A male waiter carries a tray full of glasses .
A bald man running on a treadmill in a white shirt and striped shorts .
A group of men using sanding machines on rocks .
Two males are working on a car inside a garage .
A surfer rides a wave under a red bridge .
Girl wearing purple jacket rides a red snow sled .
An individual in a red wig and blue jumpsuit is looking at graffiti on a building .
Two elaborately costumed people applying face paint .
Someone is pulling an inflatable boat with an oar in it .
A woman jogs on the beach while carrying a water bottle .
An Asian woman in a green sari is accompanied by two men as she climbs a long , steep flight of steps .
Three dogs on grass , one with a blue ball in its mouth .
a little boy is watching a palace guard stand outside a little black hut .
Two dogs are playing in the white snow .
Two men play the acoustic guitar and the bass .
An old woman standing in front of a white door in a wall covered in graffiti .
Two little league soccer teams playing a game of soccer .
A middle-aged man working at a food preparation facility
Lots of people walking by a large castle like structure .
A view of a European cityscape full of many passersby .
A little boy with an orange backpack walks under a tree through the woods .
A man walks next to the girl wearing headphones on a winters day .
A Caucasian male jumping behind a graffited wall .
A small child is shoveling snow with an orange shovel .
A young man with a happy expression is tossing bits of colored paper into the air .
A man , in his garage , throwing knives against the wall .
Man , son , and vendor smile while holding souvenir magazines .
The mountain climbers set up camp at the apex .
a German Sheppard dog bting a large red ball
Two people are jumping on the side of a road with snow in the background .
A man wearing a tan shirt looks into the camera as he drinks wine .
a young blond girl standing in front of a large fenced in fountain
Man holds up seafood platter and smiles .
A workers prepares fish for sale in a market .
A dog running with a toy in his mouth .
A couple play a board game with friends while drinking apple cider .
A dog runs through the water with a stick while another dog stands there .
A mother pushes her young son who is riding a bike .
Japanese schoolgirls walk down the street .
Several diners are eating on wooden tables in a restaurant .
A person is feeding a flock seagulls in a park .
Four people are lining up to purchase tickets at the theater .
A small child lays on the beach while the surf washes back into the ocean .
The four bicyclists are riding through the desert .
Young girl practicing her pan flipping skills .
A man in a hat sits outside near some cardboard boxes .
Two men in masks and hard hats handling something that decomposed .
A child in red jumps on a red object while others laugh .
A woman in blue coat reads a book on the subway platform .
Women in a red sports bra and white shoes running down the street .
A woman with red-hair and a black striped shirt talking on the phone .
A man stands by two face structures on Easter Island .
Bishop making the cross with ashes on a man 's forehead
Working together , these men move camels through a mountain pass .
A person with a cane sitting on the street bowing their head .
Three painters wearing pink overalls work on a very tall door .
A man shaving another man in a barber shop .
Several people are looking at their phones in a crowded station .
A tan dog walks down a stream between mounds of snow .
A yellow lab jumping up into the air to catch a soccer ball .
Here is a picture of somebody sleeping on a bench that is under a tree and near a park .
A group of people with brooms standing in the snow with a dog in the forefront .
A man in a black hat sitting with a woman with glasses .
Children play basketball on a court .
Women in dresses touch up their makeup in front of mirrors in a dressing room .
A caravan of green and red vehicles going up a mountain .
A man dressed in winter clothes is on the beach wiht a dog .
A toddler poses in front of a computer at a business office .
A sculptor in a teal sweater works on stone with a chisel and mallet .
A woman crosses the street near a man , who is on his cellphone .
The woman in red clothing is wearing a ring and looking at a boy in blue clothing .
A crowd of people socializing and drinking .
An older man with glasses fixing a toy firetruck while an baby girl plays with it .
An African American woman climbing the stairs while talking on the phone .
A man in white shops for oranges and other fruits at an outdoor market .
A young boy in red leaping into sand at a playground .
A young boy jumps on the brown couch in his gray and blue Spiderman outfit .
Two dogs are fighting over a red Frisbee outside .
A group of friends working on a quilt .
Event models stand in the rain holding large umbrellas .
Many women sit around a table strewn with tea cups , knitting .
A knitting group meeting in a coffee shop .
Several woman are conversing around a table .
A white dog in a black coat is standing in the snow .
A man in all black is pointing is finger to a blond woman behind him .
six girls walking down a path behind a maroon house .
A girl in a pink shirt is teaching a young man in a striped sweater how to knit .
A distored image of a man drinking a green liquid in a mug .
A group of people are enjoying a birthday celebration , with two cakes .
A bunch of women sit knitting in a cafe .
A crowd of people are in the streets and some have torches .
Two people standing in the snow , one holding a shovel .
A woman smoking a cigarette is standing next to the road during a wintery day .
Street crews resurface a road next to a fish and chips shop .
A man is watching his young daughter 's reaction to a homemade birthday cake .
People running and walking in and out of a small farm town .
A child sitting on a rock formation .
Man walking toward his car on an icy sidewalk in the city .
A little girl in a brown top and pink pants is balancing a bowl with plants in it on her head .
A group of people are standing around near a street .
A hold man in green jacket reads a book along a dirt trail .
The little boy in the red shorts is going to shoot a basket .
Children crowd around a cart advertising something for 2 Euro .
A busy street of people and two men are wearing no shirts .
Road construction crew digging a trench with heavy machinery .
A bunch on people are seated in a stadium .
There is a man in the middle of a crowd breakdancing in what looks to be a central square .
Two boys eating apples playing on a cement car barrier
A boy wearing face paint walks along a red track .
A band is performing in front of a live audience .
A woman in a white jacket is riding the subway .
Young girl in pink dress plays with boy and a ball
Several people dressed in blue , one is twirling a ribbon
Two dogs are playing in the snow next to a tree .
Person in old heavy coat with a bag around their head tied like a scarf .
A girl puts her finger to her cheek while three others sit on a motorcycle .
A child attempting to wash a window
Man jogs along woman cyclist with an expansive body of water as a backdrop .
A woman and child stand on the beach while sailboats sail on the ocean .
A man in a white shirt and black pants is sitting at a bus stop .
Two children are at a sink and pouring water into a bowl .
A man in all white painting a black wall white .
An old woman seated near an old man accepts a plate .
Two white guys with game guitars playing a video game .
A small boy playing with a toy train set on a tabletop .
A woman looks at clothes in a Louis Vuitton store window .
A bunch of men pushing a car that is stuck in snow .
A man in a blue sweater is playing a sporting game on the Wii !
A bird sits in a leafless tree .
Two young girls are playing the pipe in class .
A man stands on the rocky ledge of a large cliff .
A man is repelling down a cliff next to a lake .
Looking down on someone climbing a cliff over water .
A man is sitting in on the side of the street with brass pots .
A woman pulls a happy girl on her sled during winter .
A man in black is walking to his truck in the snow .
Three people stand , ready to ski , next to a no skiing sign .
A small group of people are standing talking to each other outside .
A woman plays piano near some flowers .
A young blond boy looking at a white robot on a green table .
A man is hanging by a line off a cliff above water .
A rock climber with a white helmet is repelling .
A black and white dog playing in the sand .
A young male carrying a football and running while two other boys run behind him .
Dog has mouth open in field .
Young women chat after a stroll along the beach line .
Little boy in pajamas playing with a red ball .
A young man watches a little girl walking in the grass .
Two dolphins jumped out of the water in this zoo .
A woman wearing a red hat and black coat .
Two girls are jogging together on a beach .
A girl kicking a small ball on the beach and her dog .
Three young children jump while an older man watches from his seat .
A man with dark curly hair playing a guitar next to a Coke machine .
A girl on someone 's back is laughing .
Three dogs playing and laying on the grass .
Three people are waiting on a train platform .
A kid on a surfboard riding a small wave .
Two large gray dogs running through a grassy field .
A black and brown dog is running out of the surf .
A young boy is on the back of another person whom is wearing a hat .
A small dog on a leash jumps toward a pink ball
Two men lean against fence on snowy , urban street corner .
A singer and two guitarists are playing on a colorfully lit stage .
Two Asian girls in green and yellow band uniforms are facing each other .
A man and his dog are dressed up in colorful costumes in the street in front of a bakery .
A dog jumping over a stick in the yard .
The brown and black dog is over top of the white dog .
People are sitting in a subway car reading , and one girl is sleeping .
A bald man sitting on a stage playing a guitar .
A young man in a striped shirt sitting with a food item .
A man wearing all black and holding a green can roasts a large hotdog on a stick .
A group of campers is eating dinner near their fire .
A woman with her arms in the air smiles with a screen behind her .
Two dogs playing in the snow near a chair .
A blond-haired , young man is shaving his face .
A group of people with clear umbrellas standing on the street .
A man in a cowboy hat walks in a department store .
A woman in jeans plays a video game in front of a large screen .
A man is holding heart shaped balloons while a woman carrying a unicycle is walking away .
Dark-haired man with no shirt standing outside .
A man is on a scaffold working on the outside of a building .
An amateur photographer or videographer and his son learning to use their new equipment .
A German shepherd jumps at a small white dog .
A man wearing a welding helmet welding steel .
A brown and black dog walks in the white snow .
A woman in pink is posing with a small girl and a farm animal overlooking a grassy scenic hilltop .
Shirtless overweight man leaning over sill of door , with a cat sitting on the steps in front of him .
Young , smiling , blond female police officer from New York standing outside on a sidewalk .
A donkey pulling a cart with a boy in it takes a brake .
A laughing boy lies on a pit of blue balls .
A woman sits behind her produce at a market .
A dog runs across the snowy field .
A child in blue and wearing a hat smiles .
A man is walking next to an orange van .
A group of people are walking outside an exhibition tent .
Three police officers talking to a young woman at an outdoor music event .
A snowboarder with red pants does a maneuver in the air .
A man is laying down inside a black , non-working boat .
A large fish breaching the water 's surface .
A man in a black t-shirt looking down as he holds a drink .
A man in black walks beside his bike in the city .
A woman takes the t-top off of her convertible pink antique car .
Woman in blue jacket shows off her vintage car in front of Nathalie 's DollHouse .
Two woman are walking down a sidewalk with their arms around each other .
People walk around and laugh outside .
A woman in curlers and a green tank top is having her eyeliner done by a woman in a pink and white shirt .
A woman fixing another woman 's blond-hair .
A bride in a wedding dress , greeting her guests .
Men in dark sunglasses sit suspiciously in white lawn chairs .
people smile while standing in suits and dresses .
A man and a woman are getting married outdoors .
A man and woman getting married outside on a sunny day .
A bride is carrying a red rose bouquet and a groom is wearing a gray suit .
A woman in a white dress holding a bunch of red flowers .
Young kids with soccer gear on walking towards the camera .
A group of women being served hors d'oeuvres at an affair .
A furry brown dog carries his toy in mouth outside .
A man in a purple shirt is standing with his eyes closed .
A woman holds a child as the look at a fish aquarium .
Children smiling and waving at camera
A person uses a long-handled net to catch something in the air .
The man walks through a field carrying bundles of dead birds .
A man and three kids walk up a paved hill .
A man with a headset is looking into a video camera .
a man sitting down , with his head down and his eyes closed
A young boy is playing around on a tram .
A woman in a red shirt is folding laundry .
Two guys , one playing a guitar , the other a keyboard .
A woman wearing a pink boa rides a bicycle down a pedestrian bridge .
A man in the city outside a building standing on the steps .
Miami tennis player hits the ball with a forehand .
A man in a blue suit juggling balls before a crowd of people .
Two people are sleeping on a couch .
a dog wearing a jacket , pounces a toy .
A tattooed , potbellied man in a black belly shirt and blue board shorts grabs his crotch .
A man in a black shirt is doing skateboard tricks for a small crowd .
A boy feeding fruit from a cup to two bright yellow birds .
A white dog is splashing through the water .
Construction workers in yellow jackets and red pants standing by a gate .
A boy in a yellow shirt is crouching over a muddy pool of water .
Defensive football players in green tackle the ball carrier .
Many people are sitting in a restaurant eating their meals .
A man in a camouflage coat is playing the saxophone outside in the presence of a small crowd of people .
Two dogs run down a trail as autumn leaves cover the ground
A small boys dumps water on a baby .
A group of crosscountry skiers are skiing down a trail .
A person across a field of snow with a mountain in the background .
The boy runs with the basketball while looking up .
Three men are sitting on a bench outside on the sidewalk in front of a concession stand .
A large dog chases a small dog on the sand .
A snowboarder is in the middle of a jump with one hand raised .
A man is photographing children playing with various toys .
A woman with a black shirt on with stars on it , talking .
A dog walks through the snow in the daylight .
Two white and black dogs running in the grass .
A group of skiers shown on a snow covered mountain .
a boy is running with a basketball in his hands .
A man jumps through the air while snowboarding .
Two mountaineers are looking ahead on a snowy trail .
A snowboarder sits on a mountain staring at a white foggy scenery .
A man and woman kissing in a dark subway
Black dog running fast on a field
An old lady standing on a porch looking off in the distance
Two brown dogs run side by side and one dog is carrying an orange container in its mouth .
Man holding a photograph , painting a picture of a dog .
Man talking on cellphone outside of a jewelry store .
People are crosscountry skiing in a single file line .
An older gentleman in brown gives a look of astonishment to the camera .
The man is carefully shaving off his facial hair .
This man is pulling some rocks out of a pit with a box attached to a rope .
Old man sitting on the park bench with a black dog .
A person dressed in natural clothing taking their picture in a mirror .
Two young children are playing in the living room with some toys .
Two white puppies play near a pool .
A worker in a yellow safety vest and goggles frowns .
A girl wearing a pink sweater and green dress in walking down a path .
a man is working on constructing a shelter made of logs and reeds .
A man , adolescent and two boys are mixing a bucket with liquid on a farm .
There are 10 people inside an open room listening to someone playing the guitar .
Two people tend to their table of products at a street market .
A boy runs as others play on a homemade slip and slide .
A toddler with orange star sunglasses , sits at the base of the bed as he plays with his toys .
Two friends are comparing trophy 's .
Two large black dogs are playing in a grassy field .
A shaggy-haired man is making a selection at a zoomsystems machine .
Two elderly people being interviewed by a camera crew standing near a green metallic van .
A dog looks warily at the brown dog investigating his area .
A police officer in his uniform wearing an ear piece .
A man wearing a black hat is sitting on a stool in front of a green door and next to speakers .
A boy and girl are splashing around in the ocean .
A young man is jumping in the water at the beach .
A man standing on the street .
One man is putting his hand on the back of another man and they are both on a boat .
Its a beautiful day for an outdoor wedding .
A marketplace that sells food in Thailand .
A boy in an orange short plays in bubbles .
Eight people enjoy the fun of rafts and the beauty of a waterfall .
The man is giving a woman a piggyback ride through a park .
A man walking down a street by a garage .
a produce market held inside a large white walled building .
A woman selling produce to another older woman at a produce market on a sunny day .
Young child playing in the sand , on a deserted beach .
A choir and an orchestra performing a musical piece in some kind of theater hall .
A young boy rides in a wheelbarrow as a young girl holds the handles .
There is a man in fireman 's gear crossing the road near a white bus and a red semi .
Man in a green shirt dances in a hair salon .
A team player takes time out to communicate with the media .
A white and brown dog shakes off water .
A girl is buried under several playground balls .
A man with plastic containers and plastic bags .
A dog is being hit by a small wave in the ocean .
Here is Rod Stewart in Concert singing Live with Pat Benatar .
A singing group dressed in black is singing a song on stage .
A dog wearing a red harness runs across a field
A woman in shorts is sitting on a row of black chairs .
A dog is walking on a beach with the sun on the horizon .
Thre is a shot of man with his back turned in a city .
Two black dogs chase each other on grass .
A six piece band performs on stage .
2 men working on calibrating a telescope
Two little girls , one wearing a pink jacket , coloring in the same coloring book .
Man wearing shorts standing in snow next to a body of water .
A family stands in the snowy woods .
A group of girls are changing in the dressing rom .
Two men in white shirts and wide white pants perform martial arts .
Little Girl in brown shirt and blue jean skirt dances on wood floor .
Two dogs play in the snow together .
a young girl reading a literary classic " to kill a mockingbird " .
Two women laughing in an indoor hot tub .
Two skiers stand near a snowy mountain .
A foreign man stands behind his beautiful blue cart in an outdoor market .
An Indian market , a man in white is sorting through vegetables .
a man and a woman are walking past a stained glass window
A young college student practicing guitar after lunch break .
A dog is walking through some gravel beside a river .
A group of men sitting on red chairs .
A dog retrieving a newspaper inside a dining room .
A man and a young boy working with dough and flour in a kitchen .
The dog is barking while running down an obstacle .
Parishioners enjoying themselves at a church dinner .
A basketball player in a duke uniform looks up .
A man is skiing down a snowy hill while he casts a long shadow .
A man , in a white shirt , is juggling in front of three children .
A man reading the newspaper at a sushi bar .
A girl with a purple and white helmet is riding on a scooter .
Old man with glasses works on a loom .
A baby holding a rattle looking very sad .
A young boy surfing in the ocean .
Woman resting her head on a curved pillow .
Bride with a white veil looking down .
The man is sitting with a little girl in the park .
A man and a woman sit on a bench outdoors .
A golden dog walks carefully around a frozen pond .
A woman in glasses showing a big smile and raised fists .
Man wearing a blue shirt holding a chain .
Family having fun in their living room .
A young boy is leaping from one chair to another .
A dog leaps into the air to catch a ball in its mouth .
A man with a goatee leaning against a white van .
A woman in a red bikini lays out on a towel , on a lounge chair next to the pool .
A man in black sunglasses holds two lit torches in silver holders .
The dog waits patiently in the car for its owner .
An old bundled man sleeping on the grass .
A man in all orange working on a construction site next to a large truck .
Two boys race on ice skates while others watch .
A group of people running of the sand dune at the beach .
A dark guy climbing a tree to get some coconuts down .
A man in a black t-shirt is looking at a menu .
A fuzzy white lap dog runs along a rocky beach .
People stand on a sidewalk near an old fashioned train .
A shirtless child is playing with a pink balloon on a sidewalk .
Man and woman do a dance together with money all over the floor .
Two carnival workers stand in front of their stuffed animal prizes .
A woman is putting on makeup while watching herself apply it in a mirror .
Two men pose for a photo while listening to live music .
Man on a motorcycle performing a trick high in the air .
a young person riding a small wagon down a hill .
A man is playing an instrument in front of a painting on a wall .
Two dogs are playing with a stick in a lake .
A child in a striped shirt watching a bird .
A man prepares his local stand for the days business .
An Asian man sharpening knives on the street corner .
A kid slides down a yellow slide into a swimming pool .
A man wearing a white hat and white gloves is preparing food .
A man and a woman are holding string instruments .
There are 3 people playing musical instrument and one other person looks like she is singing .
A man in a red shirt is about to eat a taco .
A group of people dance at a oriental restaurant .
A man with big hair and a leather jacket is in mid-jump against a sunset .
a determined girl is hitting a volleyball
A man in red t-shirt with a baby lying down on a blue sheet .
Two boys playing a game of flag football .
Two men sleeping on a park bench , slumped over each other .
A group of people in a line walking up a small hill towards a building .
This person is jumping off of a hill while skiing .
Three children are riding tricycles on the path .
A dental patient is examined by a man and a woman in blue scrubs .
Two young boys are working at a produce stand .
A person standing by fallen and moss covered trees wearing a hooded jacket .
There are four people in one room , and two of those four are testing cakes for an event .
Man standing in front of trees holding a gazing ball .
Two men with spurs on their boots are standing behind a truck .
Rodeo participants are riding on horseback while trying to lasso a calf .
Two men are riding horses attempting to control a cow in a arena-like area .
Two men are on horseback trying to rope a cattle .
Three young indian children play wiffle ball .
The fisherman paddles in his to a new spot .
Children walking up to and looking at a big tree .
Picture of men on horses in the street .
A female tennis player is poised to hit the ball .
The ladies are prepared to hit the ball when it comes .
A woman looking down while holding a tennis racket .
A woman in an orange outfit is holding a tennis racket .
A boy is lying down in midst of many soft toys , and spiderman quilt .
A woman is carrying a child on her back .
The young boy is running while bouncing a basketball .
Two men in tee shorts work diligently preparing food for customers .
Three guys are being lifted up in the air .
A blond woman with a backpack is smiling in an outdoor setting .
A male baby makes a funny face for the camera .
A white and black dog catching a Frisbee .
A man wearing a black sweatshirt poses for a picture in a parking lot .
A young man balances himself on one hand on a platform .
A little boy is playing on a wet stone surface .
A woman in a beanie poses with a small piece of furniture .
A child in a jacket is holding a dog while standing in a field .
Several people are dancing in some sand .
Older women wearing a headscarf and clothes of varying colors staring forward .
A brown dog in mid-run in grass .
A woman plays a synthesizer in a dark room .
A man in a black shirt covered in foam points a toy gun at the camera .
Four men are eating off of small white plates .
A girl with her leg out on a lawn .
A white dog is running through the snow .
An Asian woman and small boy are riding a bike together .
A foreign lady is driving a truck and she looks pretty happy .
Two girls holding hands and jumping as they walk downhill on beach .
someone using a microscope is working on something really small
Young girl in striped bathing suit sitting in a watery hole at a beach .
A small tan dog walks down a dirt path and licks his nose .
little kid with yellow jacket and blue hat jumping off rock
A black dog and a brown dog run along a dirt path .
Two dogs run side-by-side on the grass .
Four people in dark clothes walk in the same direction .
A dog lays down in the long green grass .
A boy in red prepares to slide down a blue slide .
several men on horseback staring into a mountain background
A woman wearing a pink Mardi Gras hat , drinking a can beverage .
A puppy carries a tennis ball in its mouth .
A young women having her picture taken with a group of children .
A man paddles a canoe in a lake .
People walk on a small bridge over a lake .
man reaching for a type of an item in a general store .
Two boys dressed in ragged solid color clothing stand side by side while one holds an ax .
A man sitting at a table using a notebook computer .
Two men are running to catch a Frisbee .
A young boy wearing a red coat eats a chocolate bar .
Two women are conversing in an art gallery .
A woman and a dog rowing down a wide river .
Orange dog with knotted white rag on grass .
A brown and white dog runs through a grassy area .
An older man and younger boy walk by the opening of a tent in a rural area .
A blond tennis player gets ready to return the ball .
A female tennis player is casually swinging her racket .
A woman waits to hit a tennis ball over a net in front of an empty arena .
A blond dog playing with a colorful dog toy .
A girl in black pouring a drink into a bright red cup .
The girl in a black shirt is reading a greeting card that was given to her by a friend of hers .
A blond girl wearing a pink t-shirt and gray shorts is playing tennis .
A little girl walks on a path of an indoor garden .
A woman wearing white outfit and white sneaker playing tennis
A woman sits in a chair and writes a note on a piece of paper .
A blond tennis player shows off her new red and white tennis outfit .
A blond-haired women tennis player hitting the tennis ball .
A man and a woman are sleeping on a mode of public transportation .
The baby enjoys being tossed up in the air .
A girl with green hair is hitting a pinata with a stick while a man dressed in green looks on .
A black and white dog running in a snowy park .
A woman wearing a white hat is holding a tennis racket full of tennis balls .
Photographers take pictures of a tennis player in white .
A sportswoman is raising her arm to answer a question .
female tennis player wearing yellow shorts .
A woman tennis player reacts after hitting the ball .
A young tennis player stretches for a ball on a clay court .
A tennis player dressed in white is hitting a tennis ball .
A woman in a blue sports outfit is about to hit a tennis ball .
A man walking in front of graffiti on a cloudy day .
Two women are playing tennis the older one holding a racket .
The children make snow angels next to each other .
A young woman in a fashionable tennis outfit between volleys .
Two men in a graveyard , one digging and the other on a cellphone .
A woman is walking in front of a building with a statue of a mother and child .
A man and a woman are using a machine built into the wall .
A young woman walks on a city street while a man comes toward her .
A child dressed as a cowboy is petting a saddled bull on the face .
A boy wearing cowboy gear stands next to a cow and trailer .
three children running barefooted in a gym
A man with muscular arms is performing gymnastics .
A man in red tights balances on a beam with his legs in the air .
Two men get dropped off in a town square .
This female is ready to fight if need be , she is trained .
A small black and white dog jumps with an object in its mouth .
Kids wearing jackets and hats swinging on tire swing in snow
An elderly woman taking part in a ceremony .
A dog jumps high while outside .
A Romanian gymnast does a handstand on the still rings .
Two black dogs are playing in a grass .
Two young boys watching their father use a stand up mixer .
The yellow dog is in the snow with a red ball .
A young blond girl is climbing up a rock .
A line of motorcycles parked on the side of a downtown street .
One person is kissing another person on the left cheek .
A little boy squats while playing with a yellow plastic shovel .
Lady taking children on a hike through the woods .
People sitting at a bench talking to each other by a body of water .
One man smokes a cigarette in the presence of another man at night .
A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth .
A man goes snowshoeing in the winter with mountains in the background .
A man in blue shirt falling asleep by a bike in front of red bricks .
A child wearing a light blue sweatshirt stands near green and yellow vehicles .
Two men at a table having drinks .
The two dogs , one holding a ball in its mouth , run through the grass .
A person kicks snow in a field on a sunny day .
A man wearing a t-shirt and blue jeans is jumping from a cliff by a large canyon .
A man and a young child play with a yellow ball in an open field .
A skateboarder jumps his board down a flight of stairs .
A man is trying to hit two pins bowling in a dark bowling alley .
A woman with a pink hat is lacing the shoe of a little girl dressed in purple .
There is a man with a black shirt and a black hat smiling .
A dog runs through a creek next to large rocks .
a little girl stands next to two sitting women .
Children are playing in the street with a toy .
Three people are jumping over a boy laying down on the floor .
A woman all dressed in blue with blue bags stands outside a window .
Two children are playing sword fighting with a plastic sword and a stick .
Girl in red jacket ponders while sitting in an art museum with cubes on the floor .
Dirt bike rider riding down the slope .
A man , wearing a striped shirt , is throwing a blue ball at a carnival game .
The little boy is smiling as he crosses a rope on an assault course .
A gray dog chasing a brown dog in shallow water .
A man shakes hands with a mannequin and gives it a " thumbs up " sign .
Older gentleman smoking while walking by a painting of an old man .
A man wearing a black jacket is working on a roof .
various elevators with people inside a hotel
almost 2 dozen people are riding on the outside of a cart down a road
A girl jumps of a playhouse onto a rubber mattress in a daycare facility .
Two dogs are playing in a fenced in area of gravel .
A small child tries to climb on playground equipment .
group of people watching laptop monitors .
A couple of people on a bridge looking down on a waterfall .
Person observing a river with a bridge going over it .
The woman in the dark coat is facing the camera , while the man in the blue shirt faces away .
A woman in a brownish-orange sweater is sitting by a lake .
A dessert mountain with a man wearing a hat standing on the hillside .
Several dogs in the snow , all harnessed in a line .
A man wearing glasses and a brown button up shirt at a meeting or conference .
A four piece band plays a song on a medium-size stage .
Two children are running down a bridge across a lake .
A man in a black shirt and black jeans is playing the guitar .
Two men are kicking a yellow and black ball over a net .
There are construction workers working hard on a project .
A small child in a light tan jacket stands on the edge of a short wall .
Blue prints for a house hang above a woman working on a doorway .
A man in a yellow vest kneels on a roof .
In a kitchen , a man intently tries to get a piece of meat into a metal bag .
A man and woman stand on a rocky shore gazing at the waves .
A dog is chewing on someone 's finger .
Boy jumps in desert while others watch and take photo .
A man in sunglasses enjoys a midday nap in the car .
A man is shaving while sitting on the beach in front of the ocean .
A young boy in a red shirt is watching a television program .
A man is sitting in the snow with his dog asking for spare change .
A girl pushes a boy on a swing on a sandy playground .
A child peeks his head out from some flowers .
A drummer and three saxophones players outside a storefront .
A lady in a pink coat , black slacks , and brown shoes is sitting on a bench .
A brown dog and black and white dog run along the green grass .
Person holding boxes in a street in front of a wall painted with antique advertisements .
Man cuddling with a child on an orange pillow .
A woman wearing gray speaks into a microphone at an event while two men listen .
Group of men working on the sidewalk next to two parked cars on the street .
A very little child swings on a tire swing .
Men and women sitting behind a long table while talking and doing work on their laptops .
An old man wrapped in a gray cloth sitting against a wall .
A man in a blue shirt and jeans feeding material into industrial machinery .
The women are drinking wine and knitting .
The woman gets a gift out of a christmas stocking .
A woman in pink is sitting and enjoying the object she is holding .
a woman opens a present while drinking beer
Two men ride horses while wielding whips .
Two dogs are facing each other in a grassy field .
A standing brown dog watches another dog lay in the grass
a young boy dressed in a baseball uniform swings a bat at an oncoming pitch .
A businesswoman with a paper and a photographer in the background .
A woman is inspecting an ankle warmer .
A woman in a blue shirt unwraps a gift of a green hat .
Two girls writing a message on a chalkboard .
A woman with blond-hair , glasses , necklace , and a green and blue floral dress is holding a yellow container .
A Brown hair girl is laughing and holding a red and white dress up .
A brown and white dog is leaping over a log near water in the snow .
A man rakes his lush green garden in front of a brown , barren field and trees .
A man as he is lifted from a rearing horse at a rodeo .
A brown long-haired dog plays in the snow
A man dressed all in white throws the first pitch at a baseball game .
Two children sitting atop a large yellow bounce toy .
A man in a white shirt is making a speech into a microphone .
A black man smoking a cigarette is in front of a government type building .
A woman playing a string instrument at a concert .
Several men wearing shorts are playing on a beach .
A man standing in front of the Eiffel Tower getting his photo taken
A guy holding onto a tight fishing pole while on a boat fishing .
Four adult men doing " air guitar " in the woods .
Two men and a woman are walking towards the street with a white plastic bag .
A man sculpting a man with a snake out of a white rock
A man looks at the camera as he stands outside a subway entrance , while a girl behind him talks on her cellphone .
A photo of a wedding party taken outdoors in front of a building .
A group of seated men have coffee around two tables .
Many people are drinking drinks in a crowded room .
A person wearing orange getting on a bicycle .
Some people are gathered by a mound of snow outside a house .
A person with a black cap looking at the water .
A shirtness man juggles batons on the beach .
The white dog runs across the snow .
A boy in a diaper jumping onto a couch .
People meeting and discussing different ideas while several people are on their computers .
A man on a dock and boat in the water at sunset .
A woman in red is slightly hunched over next to a brick building .
Tattooed man rubs his eye while sitting on chair indoors .
Two white dogs are playing in the snow .
A small child in pajamas is holding onto a mop in a bucket .
A fluffy , white dog running in the snow .
A man in a white shirt peers out a brown train .
People walk along a street near a yellow building .
Several people with baggage , lost looks on their faces , and comfortable .
People surrounded by green are sitting .
Three young men standing on partially snow-covered ground
Two people are looking at the organ in a church with the large organ pipes in the background .
A man playing a handmade drum set in the snow trying to collect spare change .
Two men talk to each other behind an organ while a lone woman stands to their right .
A boy with a zip-up sweater is playing the french horn .
A man with glasses , gray hair and all black clothing is sitting down in front of a musical stand .
A black dog stands a few feet away from a white soccer ball on grass .
A man rides a bike on a dirt road past a blue door .
Curly-haired jungle man is climbing up a vine .
A group of women breastfeed their babies while sitting cross legged on the ground .
Two cows stand in front of people riding a bus .
A toddler grasping a wooden object .
The blond-haired woman with the black jacket is holding a white statue .
A person sitting down on a benching waiting in the subway .
A man with a black hat and green jacket on staring intently .
A black and white puppy runs along the gravel road .
A man on a skateboard doing a jump over concrete .
Two male soccer players , wearing burgundy pants and socks , are drinking from blue bottles .
A small child wearing blue robe stands near an idol of Cow .
A blond lab runs in the snow .
A child in a blue jacket and helmet is on a skateboard .
Men working outdoors on the frame of a house .
Boy in winter gear stands on snow with outstretched arms .
The girls are dressed up in silver and white and their hair is styled .
Ginger baby playing with a train setup made out of counterfeit lego .
A guitar band is playing on stage .
Six people , four male and two female , hanging out in a living room .
Surfer catching a good , deep clear blue , wave .
A man wearing a black jacket is standing on a stool and looking at hats
A man in a white shirt is working on a rooftop .
A boy and girl are standing together , one is holding a plate of desserts .
Two women sleeping next to an atm machine .
Two men and a child are using a ruler on a wall .
Indian man with elephant and group of indian children in temple .
A boy looks at his leather spike bracelet .
A man speaking into a microphone by a drink banner .
A man with brown hair talks on a microphone .
A man with black hair and glasses is talking into a microphone .
A toddler on a hardwood floor playing with toys .
A lady wearing a green sweater is putting candy on a shelf .
A young boy and girl hug and smile .
Concert attendees cheer along with a band performing on the stage .
A little girl is climbing up some very tall rocks .
A black and brown dog is laying with a tiger striped toy .
A man child carries two loaves of bread through the store .
A woman wearing a black code and hat is at school looking through a microscope and taking notes .
A man wearing a black t-shirt and glasses is looking through a microscope in a classroom .
a group of synchronized men doing aquatic exercises
A black dog running through the snow .
A woman viewing art on the walls while two girls are engaged in drawing on the floor .
Two women getting ready for some sort of celebration , maybe a wedding .
People waiting to cross the street on the side of a sidewalk .
Man in costume talks to a girl in a blue hoodie in a conference center .
A man walking on the water 's shore during a sunset .
A group of people taking a stroll on the beach at sunset .
Seven children all jump as the photo is taken .
A beige dog and brown dog in the snow .
A bellhop is pushing luggage around inside a hotel .
A man in a red shirt is curled up on pavement outdoors .
A man climbing an icy glacier with the assistance of a pick .
A young boy and a girl on a skateboard have fun in a parking lot .
A man wearing a plaid shirt is painting on a large sheet .
A man is standing beside a grip stand writing on a note pad .
A man rides on a unicycle down the sidewalk .
A man gets his hair washed by a woman in what seems to be a barber shop .
A woman in red wearing a blue hat is taking a picture outside .
A firefighter is putting wooden blocks under a crushed blue car .
A woman wearing a cowboy hat and carrying luggage .
a brown and black dog running through a grassy field
A man in a black t-shirt works on a metal roof under a tree .
two people using a circular saw to cut a piece of lumbar .
People moving down the street at night in a city .
young men trying to do maintenance on a vehicle .
A firefighter staring off into the distance at the chaos .
A dog running down a snow covered hill